Regulations for the
FIFA World Cup 26™
11 June – 19 July 2026

MAY 2026
Fédération Internationale de Football Association
President:                 Gianni Infantino
Secretary General:         Mattias Grafström
Website:                   FIFA.com




Organising Committee for FIFA Competitions
Chairman:                 Aleksander Čeferin
                                                                           3




TABLE OF CONTENTS

I.
GENERAL PROVISIONS                                                   7
Article 1:    FIFA World Cup™                                         8
Article 2:    Preliminary competition                                 9
Article 3:    FIFA organising body                                   10
Article 4:    Local FIFA Subsidiaries                                10
Article 5:    Participating Member Associations – responsibilities   11
Article 6:    Withdrawal, unplayed matches, abandoned matches and
              replacement                                            13



II .
DISCIPLINARY MATTERS AND PROCEDURES                                  15
Article 7:    Disciplinary matters                                   16
Article 8:    Dispute resolution                                     16
Article 9:    Protests                                               16
Article 10:   Yellow and red cards                                   18



III .
COMPETITION FORMAT                                                   19
Article 11:   Number of teams                                        20
Article 12:   Group and knockout stages                              21
Article 13:   Equal points and qualification for knockout stages     26
Article 14:   Extra time and penalties (penalty shoot‑out)          28
                                                                               Table of contents
4




    IV .
    COMPETITION PREPARATION                                     29
    Article 15:   Final Draw, Team Seminar and Team Workshop   30
    Article 16:   Venues, dates and kick‑off times              30
    Article 17:   Friendly/preparation matches                  30
    Article 18:   Team arrivals                                 32



    V.
    STADIUMS AND TRAINING SITES                                 33
    Article 19:   Stadiums                                      34
    Article 20:   Stadium roof 	                                34
    Article 21:   Training sites                                35



    VI .
    PLAYERS’ AND OFFICIALS’ LISTS                               37
    Article 22:   Eligibility of players                        38
    Article 23:   Provisional release list                      38
    Article 24:   Final release list                            39
    Article 25:   Release of players                            40
    Article 26:   Accreditation                                 41
    Article 27:   Team Safeguarding/Welfare Officer             41



    VII .
    KIT AND TEAM EQUIPMENT                                      43
    Article 28:   Kit and colours approval                      44
    Article 29:   Numbers and names                             46
    Article 30:   Match colours designation                     47
    Article 31:   Other equipment                               48
                                                                                       5




VIII .
MATCH ORGANISATION                                                               49
Article 32:   Start list                                                         50
Article 33:   Technical and warm‑up areas                                        51
Article 34:   Match protocol                                                     52
Article 35:    fficial training sessions, stadium familiarisation sessions and
              O
              pre‑match warm‑ups                                                 53



IX .
REFEREEING54
Article 36:   Laws of the Game                                                   55
Article 37:   Referees                                                           56



X.
FINANCIAL PROVISIONS                                                             58
Article 38:   Costs borne by FIFA                                                59
Article 39:   Costs borne by the Participating Member Associations              60
Article 40:   Ticketing                                                          61



XI .
MEDICAL62
Article 41:   Team medical doctor                                                63
Article 42:   Sudden cardiac arrest and concussion                              63
Article 43:   Doping control                                                     64



XII .
                                                                                           Table of contents




COMMERCIAL RIGHTS                                                                65
Article 44:   Media and Marketing Regulations                                    66
6




    XIII .
    AWARDS67
    Article 45:   Trophy, awards and medals                                 68



    XIV .
    CLOSING PROVISIONS                                                      70
    Article 46:   Special circumstances                                     71
    Article 47:   Matters not provided for                                  71
    Article 48:   Languages                                                 71
    Article 49:   Copyright                                                 71
    Article 50:   No waiver                                                 71
    Article 51:   Amendments                                                71
    Article 52:   Enforcement                                               72


    ANNEXES73




    NB: Terms referring to natural persons are applicable to both genders.
             I.

General
provisions
8




    Article 1: FIFA WORLD CUP™

    1.1   The FIFA World Cup™ is a FIFA competition embodied in the FIFA Statutes.

    1.2   The FIFA World Cup takes place every four years. As a general rule, every
          association affiliated to FIFA may participate in the FIFA World Cup.

    1.3   Participation in the FIFA World Cup is free of charge.

    1.4   The FIFA World Cup 26™ consists of a preliminary competition and a final
          competition.

    1.5   The final competition (“FIFA World Cup 26”) is scheduled to be played from
          11 June to 19 July 2026.

    1.6   Any rights associated with the FIFA World Cup 26 that are not granted by
          these Regulations for the FIFA World Cup 26™ (“Regulations”) and/or further
          regulations, guidelines and decisions as set forth in these Regulations and/or
          specific agreements to a Participating Member Association in the preliminary or
          final competition, or to a confederation, shall remain with and/or belong to FIFA.

    1.7   These Regulations govern the rights, duties and responsibilities of all
          member associations taking part in the FIFA World Cup 26 (“Regulations”).
          The Regulations and all directives, decisions, guidelines and circulars issued
          by FIFA in connection with the FIFA World Cup 26 are binding on all parties
          participating and involved in the preparation, organisation and hosting of
          the FIFA World Cup 26.

    1.8   The FIFA Statutes and all FIFA regulations in force shall apply to and be binding
          on all parties participating and involved in the preparation, organisation and
          hosting of the FIFA World Cup 26. Any reference in these Regulations to the
          FIFA Statutes and regulations refers to the FIFA Statutes and regulations valid
          at the time of application.

    1.9   Other rules and/or decisions that are directly binding on FIFA (e.g. due to FIFA
          being a signatory to the World Anti‑Doping Code) may apply to the subject
          matter of these Regulations. Any such rules and/or decisions implemented by
          FIFA shall take precedence over these Regulations in the event of any conflict
          and shall be complied with by all parties participating and involved in the
          preparation, organisation and hosting of the FIFA World Cup 26™.
                                                                                           9




Article 2: PRELIMINARY COMPETITION

2.1   The preliminary competition shall be organised by FIFA in collaboration with
      the confederations. The confederations have established a competition format,
      which received the required approval from FIFA.

2.2   On entering the preliminary competition, each member association:

      a) acknowledges and agrees that all administrative matters related to the
         preliminary competition shall be dealt with by the respective confederation
         in compliance with the regulations submitted, and FIFA will only intervene
         if a confederation requests FIFA’s assistance in those matters; and

      b) undertakes to observe the principles of fair play.

2.3   The FIFA World Cup 26™ Play‑Off Tournament (“Play‑Off Tournament”) is
      considered to be part of the preliminary competition. It is scheduled to be
      played within an existing window of the Men’s International Match Calendar
      (23 to 31 March 2026). The Regulations for the FIFA World Cup 26™ Play‑Off
      Tournament are published by FIFA.

2.4   In the event that any of the confederations’ preliminary competitions are not held
      or completed in a manner that determines which member association(s) qualify
      for the final competition (due to cancellation, postponement, abandonment
      or otherwise), FIFA shall decide, after consultation with the applicable
      confederation, the member association(s) based within the territorial region
      of the confederation as the participating member association(s).

      The confederation shall base its proposal strictly on the sporting merits of the
      member association(s) and shall provide a written report to FIFA explaining
      the reasons for proposing the member association(s) when seeking FIFA’s
      approval. In the event that FIFA does not approve the confederation’s proposed
      member association(s), the confederation shall propose an alternative member
      association(s) for FIFA’s approval.
                                                                                               General provisions




                                                                                                   I.
10




     Article 3: FIFA ORGANISING BODY

     3.1   The FIFA Council or the relevant committee appointed by the FIFA Council is
           responsible for organising the FIFA World Cup 26 in accordance with these
           Regulations, the FIFA Statutes, the FIFA Governance Regulations as well as
           the FIFA Media and Marketing Regulations.

     3.2   The FIFA Council or the Bureau of the FIFA Council, may, if necessary, appoint
           a sub‑committee to deal with unforeseen matters that require an immediate
           decision. Any decision taken by the Bureau of the FIFA Council, or by the
           sub‑committee, shall come into effect immediately but shall be subject to
           confirmation by the FIFA Council.

     3.3   The FIFA Council or the relevant committee shall deal with any aspect of the
           FIFA World Cup 26 that is not the responsibility of any other body under the
           terms of these Regulations, the FIFA Statutes, the FIFA Governance Regulations
           or the FIFA Media and Marketing Regulations.

     3.4   The decisions taken by the FIFA Council or the relevant committee and/or its
           sub‑committee in relation to the FIFA World Cup 26 may be appealed, pursuant
           to the FIFA Statutes.

     3.5   FIFA bears overall responsibility for organising, hosting and staging the FIFA
           World Cup 26.


     Article 4: LOCAL FIFA SUBSIDIARIES

     4.1   FIFA has established local FIFA subsidiaries, namely FWC26 Canada Football Ltd,
           FWC2026 Mexico S. de R.I de C.V and FWC2026 US, Inc. with offices based in
           Toronto, Canada, Mexico City, Mexico, and Miami, United States (each a “Local
           FIFA Subsidiary”), in order to deliver various operational projects relating to
           the FIFA World Cup 26.

     4.2   Each Local FIFA Subsidiary may communicate with the Participating Member
           Associations from time to time on matters relating to the FIFA World Cup 26.
           Notwithstanding the foregoing, FIFA remains the ultimate authority and
           responsible party on all operational and competition matters relating to the
           organisation, hosting and staging of the FIFA World Cup 26.
                                                                                           11




Article 5: PARTICIPATING MEMBER ASSOCIATIONS
          – RESPONSIBILITIES

5.1   The member associations that qualif y for the FIFA World Cup 26
      (the “Participating Member Associations”) automatically undertake to comply
      at all times with and ensure that every player, coach, manager, official, media
      officer, representative, guest and any other person carrying out duties on
      behalf of a Participating Member Association (each a “Delegation Member”)
      complies with these Regulations, The IFAB Laws of the Game, the FIFA
      Statutes and all other regulations issued by FIFA, including the FIFA Media
      and Marketing Regulations, the FIFA Stadium Safety and Security Regulations,
      the FIFA Disciplinary Code, the FIFA Anti‑Doping Regulations, the FIFA Code
      of Ethics and the FIFA Equipment Regulations, as well as with any other FIFA
      circular letters, regulations, guidelines, directives and/or decisions.

      In addition, each Participating Member Association shall, and shall ensure
      that every Delegation Member shall:

      a) respect the spirit of fair play, non‑violence and non‑discrimination and the
         authority of the match officials;

      b) behave accordingly; and

      c) refrain from doping as defined by the FIFA Anti‑Doping Regulations.

5.2   On entering the FIFA World Cup 26, the Participating Member Associations
      automatically undertake to:

      a) observe and comply with these Regulations and ensure that their Delegation
         Members also observe and comply with these Regulations and the principles
         of fair play;

      b) observe and comply with the FIFA Statutes, as well as with all other FIFA
         regulations, directives, circular letters, guidelines and decisions as well as
         all applicable laws;

      c) observe and comply with all instructions and decisions taken by the bodies
         and officials of FIFA under the terms of these Regulations and any other
                                                                                                General provisions




         applicable FIFA regulations;

      d) participate with the best possible team in all matches of the FIFA World Cup 26
         in which their team is scheduled to take part;

      e) accept all of the arrangements relating to the FIFA World Cup 26 made by FIFA;

      f) accept the use by FIFA and/or the issue of a sub‑licence by FIFA to third                  I.
         parties, as well as the recording and broadcast of the images, names and
12




              records of all Delegation Members that may appear in connection with the
              FIFA World Cup 26; and

           g) ensure the provision of adequate insurance to cover their Delegation Members
              and any other persons carrying out duties on their behalf against all risks,
              including but not limited to injury, accident, disease and travel arrangements
              in consideration of the relevant FIFA rules or regulations.

     5.3   In addition, each Participating Member Association shall be responsible for:

           a) the conduct of its Delegation Members;

           b) paying for incidental costs and expenses incurred by its Delegation Members
              and any other persons carrying out duties on its behalf during the course of
              their stay in the host countries;

           c) paying for any costs of extending the stay, before or after the FIFA World
              Cup 26, of any Delegation Member or any other persons carrying out duties
              on its behalf;

           d) applying for visas and submitting the required documents in good time in
              accordance with the relevant procedure; and

           e) attending all media conferences and other media activities organised by
              FIFA in accordance with the FIFA Media and Marketing Regulations, as well
              as with any other FIFA circular letters, guidelines, directives and/or decisions.

     5.4   All Participating Member Associations shall confirm their participation in
           the FIFA World Cup 26 by submitting the entry form and any other required
           documentation as communicated by FIFA via the corresponding circular(s),
           duly signed by the deadline(s) set by FIFA. The timely submission to FIFA of
           any such documents is of the essence. If a Participating Member Association
           fails to adhere to the time limits and/or fails to meet the formal requirements
           for submitting the necessary documents, the FIFA organising body shall pass
           a decision.

     5.5   All Participating Member Associations shall indemnify, defend and hold FIFA,
           each Local FIFA Subsidiary, and all of their officers, directors, employees,
           representatives, agents and all other auxiliary persons free and harmless
           against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties,
           claims, actions, fines and expenses (including reasonable legal expenses)
           of whatsoever kind or nature resulting from, arising out of, or attributable
           to, any non‑compliance with these Regulations by the Participating Member
           Associations, their Delegation Members, their affiliates and any third parties
           contracted to the Participating Member Associations.
                                                                                           13




Article 6: WITHDRAWAL, UNPLAYED MATCHES,
           ABANDONED MATCHES AND REPLACEMENT

6.1   All Participating Member Associations undertake to play all of their matches
      until eliminated from the FIFA World Cup 26.

6.2   Any Participating Member Association that withdraws from the FIFA World
      Cup 26 no later than 30 days before the first match of the final competition
      shall be fined at least CHF 250,000 by the FIFA Disciplinary Committee.
      Any Participating Member Association that withdraws from the FIFA World
      Cup 26 fewer than 30 days before the first match of the final competition shall
      be fined at least CHF 500,000 by the FIFA Disciplinary Committee.

      If any Participating Member Association is not admitted to, is excluded from
      or withdraws from the FIFA World Cup 26 once the tournament has started,
      the FIFA Disciplinary Committee may impose additional disciplinary measures.
      These may take into account, in particular, the timing of the withdrawal or
      exclusion, the severity of the rule breach leading to non‑admission or exclusion,
      possible mitigating factors as well as any other relevant circumstances.

      Disciplinary sanctions may include the expulsion of the Participating Member
      Association concerned from subsequent FIFA competitions and/or the
      replacement of the Participating Member Association with another member
      association. The FIFA Council or the relevant committee may decide, in particular,
      to replace the member association in question with another association.

6.3   Any match which is not played or which is abandoned – except in cases of
      force majeure recognised by FIFA – may lead to the imposition of disciplinary
      measures against the relevant Participating Member Association(s) by the
      FIFA Disciplinary Committee in accordance with the FIFA Disciplinary Code.

6.4   Any Participating Member Association that withdraws from the FIFA World
      Cup 26 or whose behaviour is liable for a match not being played or being
      abandoned may be ordered by the FIFA Council to compensate FIFA, the
      Local FIFA Subsidiary or any other Participating Member Association for any
                                                                                                General provisions




      expenses or damages incurred as a result of its behaviour including in respect
      of any additional payments made by FIFA to any replacement Participating
      Member Association. The association in question shall also forfeit any claim
      to financial remuneration from FIFA or the Local FIFA Subsidiary.


                                                                                                    I.
14




     6.5   If a Participating Member Association withdraws or a match cannot be played
           or is abandoned as a result of force majeure, the authorised FIFA organising
           body (including the Tournament Operation Centre) shall decide on the matter
           at its sole discretion and take whatever action is deemed necessary.

     6.6   Further to the above provision, in the case of a match being abandoned as a
           result of force majeure after it has already kicked off, the following principles
           shall apply:

           a) The match shall recommence at the minute at which play was interrupted
              rather than being replayed in full, and with the same scoreline. The match
              shall recommence where play was stopped when the match was interrupted
              (e.g. with a free kick, throw‑in, goal kick, corner kick, penalty kick, etc.). If the
              match was abandoned while the ball was still in play, it shall restart with a
              dropped ball from the position of the ball when play was stopped.

           b) The match shall recommence with the same players on the pitch and substitutes
              available as when the match was abandoned.

           c) No additional substitutes may be added to the list of players on the start list.

           d) The teams can make only the number of substitutions to which they were still
              entitled when the match was abandoned.

           e) Players sent off during the abandoned match cannot be replaced.

           f) Any disciplinary measures imposed before the match was abandoned will be
              dealt with in accordance with the FIFA Disciplinary Code.

           g) The kick‑off time, date, location and any other matter shall be decided by FIFA.

     6.7   If any Participating Member Association withdraws and/or is excluded from
           the FIFA World Cup 26, FIFA shall decide on the matter at its sole discretion
           and take whatever action is deemed necessary. FIFA may decide to replace
           the Participating Member Association in question with another association.

     6.8   If a Participating Member Association withdraws and/or is disqualified prior
           to the end of the group stage, the results of all of its matches will be declared
           null and void.

     6.9   FIFA has the right to cancel, reschedule or relocate one or more matches (or the
           entire FIFA World Cup 26) for any reason at its sole discretion, including as a
           result of force majeure or due to health, safety or security concerns.
               II.
Disciplinary
matters and
procedures
16




     Article 7: DISCIPLINARY MATTERS

     7.1   Disciplinary infringements are dealt with in compliance with the FIFA
           Disciplinary Code in force as well as with all relevant circulars and directives,
           with which the Participating Member Associations and Delegation Members
           undertake to comply.

     7.2   FIFA may introduce new disciplinary rules and measures for the duration of
           the FIFA World Cup 26. Such rules shall be communicated to the Participating
           Member Associations before the first match of the final competition at the latest.

     7.3   Any violations of these Regulations or any other FIFA regulations, circulars,
           guidelines, directives and/or decisions that do not come under the jurisdiction
           of another FIFA body shall be dealt with by the FIFA Disciplinary Committee
           in accordance with the FIFA Disciplinary Code.


     Article 8: DISPUTE RESOLUTION

     8.1   All disputes in connection with the FIFA World Cup 26 shall be promptly settled
           by negotiation (with the exception of those falling under art. 7 above).

     8.2   As provided for in the FIFA Statutes, Participating Member Associations and
           their Delegation Members may not take disputes to an ordinary court of law
           but to the exclusive jurisdiction of FIFA.

     8.3   The Participating Member Associations and all Delegation Members
           acknowledge and accept that, once all internal channels have been exhausted
           at FIFA, their sole legal recourse shall be to the Court of Arbitration for
           Sport (CAS) in Lausanne, Switzerland, as provided for in the FIFA Statutes,
           and unless excluded by the FIFA Statutes or applicable FIFA regulations.
           Any such arbitration proceedings shall be governed by the CAS Code of
           Sports‑related Arbitration.


     Article 9: PROTESTS

     9.1   For the purpose of these Regulations, protests are objections of any kind
           related to events or matters that have a direct effect on matches, including
           but not limited to the state of and markings on the pitch, accessory match
           equipment, eligibility of players, stadium installations and footballs.
                                                                                            17




9.2   Unless otherwise stipulated in this article, protests shall be submitted in
      writing to the FIFA Match Director within two hours of the match in question,
      as well as via the FIFA Legal Portal at legalportal.fifa.com (cf. art. 18 par. 1 of
      the FIFA Disciplinary Code) within 24 hours of the end of the match, otherwise
      they shall be disregarded.

9.3   Protests regarding the eligibility of players nominated for matches shall be
      submitted via the FIFA Legal Portal at legalportal.fifa.com no later than five
      days before the first match of the final competition and shall be dealt with by
      the FIFA Disciplinary Committee.

9.4   Protests regarding the state of the pitch, its surroundings, markings or
      accessory items (e.g. goals, flag posts or footballs) shall be made in writing
      to the referee before the start of the match by the head of delegation of the
      team lodging the protest. If the pitch’s playing surface becomes unplayable
      during a match, the captain of the protesting team shall immediately lodge a
      protest with the referee in the presence of the captain of the opposing team.
      The protests shall be confirmed in writing to the FIFA Match Director by the
      head of the team delegation no later than two hours after the match.

9.5   Protests against any incidents that occur during the course of a match shall
      be made to the referee by the team captain immediately after the disputed
      incident and before play has resumed, in the presence of the captain of the
      opposing team. The protest shall be confirmed in writing to the FIFA Match
      Director by the head of delegation no later than two hours after the match.

9.6   No protests may be made about the referee’s decisions regarding facts
      connected with play. Such decisions are final and not subject to appeal, unless
      otherwise stipulated in the FIFA Disciplinary Code.
                                                                                                 Disciplinary matters and procedures
9.7   If an unfounded or irresponsible protest is lodged, the FIFA Disciplinary
      Committee may impose disciplinary measures against the Participating
      Member Association concerned.

9.8   If any of the formal conditions of a protest as set out in these Regulations
      (and in the FIFA Disciplinary Code, where applicable) are not met, such protest
      shall be disregarded by the competent body. Once the final match of the
      FIFA World Cup 26 has ended, any protests described in this article shall be
      disregarded. Notwithstanding the above, the FIFA Disciplinary Committee
      remains competent to prosecute any disciplinary infringement ex officio, as
      established in the FIFA Disciplinary Code.
                                                                                                    II .
9.9   FIFA shall pass decisions on any protests lodged, subject to the exceptions
      stipulated in these Regulations, the FIFA Statutes or any other FIFA regulations.
18




     Article 10: YELLOW AND RED CARDS

     10.1 The referee has the authority to take disciplinary action from entering the
          field of play for the pre‑match inspection until leaving the field of play after
          the match ends (including penalties (penalty shoot‑out)). If, before entering
          the field of play at the start of the match, a player or team official commits
          a sending‑off offence, the referee has the authority to prevent the player or
          team official from taking part in the match (see Laws of the Game, Law 12.3,
          or any relevant amendment); the referee will report any other misconduct.

     10.2   Single yellow cards and pending one- or two-match suspensions as a
            consequence of cautions in different matches in the preliminary competition,
            an indirect red card, or a direct red card for denying the opposing team a goal
            or an obvious goalscoring opportunity or for serious foul play are not carried
            over to the final competition. Any other pending match suspensions imposed
            as a result of a red card in matches in the preliminary competition are carried
            over to the final competition.

     10.3   Single yellow cards in the final competition will be cancelled after both the
            group stage and the quarter‑finals.

     10.4   If a player or team official receives two cautions during two different matches,
            they will automatically be suspended from their team’s subsequent match.

     10.5   If a player or team official is sent off as a result of a direct or indirect red card
            (second caution), they will automatically be suspended from their team’s
            subsequent match. In addition, further sanctions may be imposed.

     10.6   Any suspension that cannot be served during the FIFA World Cup 26 will be
            carried over to the representative team’s next official match in accordance
            with the relevant provisions of the FIFA Disciplinary Code.

     10.7   Further details on rules and on the management of suspensions and expulsions
            will be confirmed via circular letter.
              III.

Competition
format
20




     Article 11: NUMBER OF TEAMS

     11.1 The FIFA Council fixed the number of teams taking part in the FIFA World
          Cup 26 at 48, namely the host member associations’ representative teams of
          Canada, Mexico and the USA, and the 45 other teams that qualify from the
          preliminary competition.

     11.2   FIFA shall form groups for the final competition by seeding and drawing lots
            whilst taking sporting and geographical factors into consideration, as far as
            possible. Further details will be communicated by circular letter.

     11.3 The decisions of FIFA on the group formation and the duration of the final
          competition are final. In the event of any withdrawals or exclusions, FIFA shall
          decide on the matter at its sole discretion and take whatever action is deemed
          necessary.

     11.4   On 9 May 2017, the FIFA Council decided to allocate the following number of
            slots to the confederations for the FIFA World Cup 26:


                    Confederation                      Number of slots             Number of slots

                          AFC                                 8                          1

                          CAF                                 9                          1

                       Concacaf                                6                         2
                                               (including Canada, Mexico and the
                                                        USA as co-hosts)

                      CONMEBOL                                6                          1

                          OFC                                 1                          1

                         UEFA                                 16                          -

              Total number of qualification                   46                         2
             slots for the FIFA World Cup 26


            The above slot allocation includes 46 direct slots as well as two slots to be
            decided in a centralised Play‑Off Tournament featuring six teams. The following
            Play‑Off Tournament competition format was approved by the FIFA Council
            on 9 May 2017:

            1. One team per confederation (AFC, CAF, CONMEBOL, OFC) with the exception
            of UEFA, plus two teams from the confederation of the host countries (Concacaf).
                                                                                         21




       2. Two teams to be seeded based on the FIFA/Coca‑Cola Men’s World Ranking.
       The two seeded teams will play for a FIFA World Cup 26 slot against the winners
       of the first two play‑off matches involving the four unseeded teams.

       On 14 February 2023, the FIFA Council approved the hosts of the FIFA World
       Cup 26, namely Canada, Mexico and the USA, to qualify automatically for the
       final competition, with their slots therefore being deducted from the overall
       allocation of six assigned to Concacaf.


Article 12: GROUP AND KNOCKOUT STAGES

12.1 The format of the final competition consists of a group stage, followed by the
     knockout stages with a round of 32, a round of 16, quarter‑finals, semi‑finals,
     the match for third place and the final.

12.2 The 48 teams taking part in the final competition will be divided into 12 groups
     of four teams.

12.3   FIFA will seed the teams for the Final Draw for the FIFA World Cup 26™ in
       accordance with the teams’ ranking within the FIFA/Coca‑Cola Men’s World
       Ranking, as established in the draw procedures. FIFA will divide the teams into
       groups by seeding and drawing lots in public, taking into account geographical
       and sporting considerations.

       As the host countries, Canada, Mexico and the USA will be assigned to the
       following positions: A1 for Mexico, B1 for Canada and D1 for the USA, as
       per the match schedule released on 4 February 2024 and as applied in the
       draw procedures.

       The teams in the 12 groups will be designated as follows:


         Group A      Group B      Group C      Group D      Group E      Group F

           A1            B1                       D1
                                      C1                        E1           F1
         (Mexico)     (Canada)                   (USA)
                                                                                              Competition format




            A2           B2           C2           D2           E2           F2

            A3           B3           C3           D3           E3           F3

            A4           B4           C4           D4           E4           F4


                                                                                              III .
22




             Group G      Group H       Group I           Group J          Group K   Group L

                G1          H1            I1                J1                 K1      L1

                G2          H2            I2                J2                 K2      L2

                G3          H3            I3                J3                 K3      L3

                G4          H4            I4                J4                 K4      L4


     12.4 The group matches will be played following the schedule below. Each team plays
          each of the other teams in the same group once, according to a league system
          with three points for a win, one point for a draw and no points for a defeat.


                            MATCH           MATCH                MATCH
                            DAY 1           DAY 2                DAY 3
                            A1 v. A2        A1 v. A3             A4 v. A1
                            A3 v. A4        A4 v. A2             A2 v. A3
                            B1 v. B2        B1 v. B3             B4 v. B1
                            B3 v. B4        B4 v. B2             B2 v. B3
                            C1 v. C2        C1 v. C3             C4 v. C1
                            C3 v. C4        C4 v. C2             C2 v. C3
                            D1 v. D2        D1 v. D3             D4 v. D1
                            D3 v. D4        D4 v. D2             D2 v. D3
                            E1 v. E2           E1 v. E3          E4 v. E1
                            E3 v. E4           E4 v. E2          E2 v. E3
                            F1 v. F2           F1 v. F3          F4 v. F1
                            F3 v. F4           F4 v. F2          F2 v. F3
                            G1 v. G2        G1 v. G3             G4 v. G1
                            G3 v. G4        G4 v. G2             G2 v. G3
                            H1 v. H2        H1 v. H3             H4 v. H1
                            H3 v. H4        H4 v. H2             H2 v. H3
                             I1 v. I2          I1 v. I3             I4 v. I1
                             I3 v. I4          I4 v. I2             I2 v. I3
                             J1 v. J2          J1 v. J3             J4 v. J1
                             J3 v. J4          J4 v. J2             J2 v. J3
                            K1 v. K2        K1 v. K3             K4 v. K1
                            K3 v. K4        K4 v. K2             K2 v. K3
                            L1 v. L2           L1 v. L3          L4 v. L1
                            L3 v. L4           L4 v. L2          L2 v. L3


           Note: the above configuration does not necessarily represent the chronological
           order in which the matches will be played.

          The last two matches in each group shall have simultaneous kick‑off times on the
          same day, unless stipulated otherwise by FIFA (e.g. in cases of force majeure).
                                                                                        23




12.5 The 12 teams finishing first and second in each group as well as the eight best
     teams among those finishing third will qualify for the round of 32.

12.6 The 32 teams that qualify from the group stage will contest the round of 32
     as follows:


      Match no.       Team A         v.       Team B                  Winner

        (1) M73   Runner‑up A (2A)   v.   Runner‑up B (2B)    = Winner (1) M73 (W73)

                                          Best 3rd place of
        (2) M74    Winner E (1E)     v.                       = Winner (2) M74 (W74)
                                              ABCDF

        (3) M75    Winner F (1F)     v.   Runner‑up C (2C)    = Winner (3) M75 (W75)

        (4) M76    Winner C (1C)     v.   Runner‑up F (2F)    = Winner (4) M76 (W76)

                                          Best 3 place of
                                                rd
        (5) M77     Winner I (1I)    v.                       = Winner (5) M77 (W77)
                                              CDFGH

        (6) M78   Runner‑up E (2E)   v.   Runner‑up I (2I)    = Winner (6) M78 (W78)

                                          Best 3rd place of
        (7) M79    Winner A (1A)     v.                       = Winner (7) M79 (W79)
                                               CEFHI

                                          Best 3rd place of
        (8) M80    Winner L (1L)     v.                       = Winner (8) M80 (W80)
                                               EHIJK

                                          Best 3rd place of
        (9) M81    Winner D (1D)     v.                       = Winner (9) M81 (W81)
                                               BEFIJ

                                          Best 3rd place of
       (10) M82    Winner G (1G)     v.                       = Winner (10) M82 (W82)
                                               AEHIJ

       (11) M83   Runner‑up K (2K)   v.   Runner‑up L (2L)    = Winner (11) M83 (W83)

       (12) M84    Winner H (1H)     v.   Runner‑up J (2J)    = Winner (12) M84 (W84)

                                          Best 3rd place of
       (13) M85    Winner B (1B)     v.                       = Winner (13) M85 (W85)
                                               EFGIJ

       (14) M86     Winner J (1J)    v.   Runner‑up H (2H)    = Winner (14) M86 (W86)

                                          Best 3 place of
                                                rd
       (15) M87    Winner K (1K)     v.                       = Winner (15) M87 (W87)
                                                                                             Competition format




                                               DEIJL

       (16) M88   Runner‑up D (2D)   v.   Runner‑up G (2G)    = Winner (16) M88 (W88)


      Note: the above configuration of matches for the round of 32 does not
      necessarily represent the chronological order in which the matches will be
      played as teams from the same group shall not meet each other in the round
      of 32.                                                                                 III .
24




          Annexe C of these Regulations includes the 495 different possible combinations
          of the eight best‑ranked third‑placed teams and their next match-up for the
          round of 32, at the completion of the group stage.

     12.7 The 16 teams that qualify from the round of 32 will contest the round of 16
          as follows:


           Match no.      Team A         v.      Team B                 Winner

                       (2) Winner M74         (5) Winner M77
            (17) M89                     v.                     = Winner (17) M89 (W89)
                            (W74)                  (W77)

                       (1) Winner M73         (3) Winner M75
            (18) M90                     v.                     = Winner (18) M90 (W90)
                            (W73)                  (W75)

                       (4) Winner M76         (6) Winner M78
            (19) M91                     v.                     = Winner (19) M91 (W91)
                            (W76)                  (W78)

                       (7) Winner M79         (8) Winner M80
            (20) M92                     v.                     = Winner (20) M92 (W92)
                            (W79)                  (W80)

                       (11) Winner M83        (12) Winner M84
            (21) M93                     v.                     = Winner (21) M93 (W93)
                            (W83)                  (W84)

                       (9) Winner M81         (10) Winner M82
            (22) M94                     v.                     = Winner (22) M94 (W94)
                            (W81)                  (W82)

                       (14) Winner M86        (16) Winner M88
            (23) M95                     v.                     = Winner (23) M95 (W95)
                            (W86)                  (W88)

                       (13) Winner M85        (15) Winner M87
            (24) M96                     v.                     = Winner (24) M96 (W96)
                            (W85)                  (W87)


          Note: the above configuration does not necessarily represent the chronological
          order in which the matches will be played.
                                                                                            25




12.8 The eight teams that qualify from the round of 16 will contest the quarter‑finals
     as follows:


       Match no.        Team A         v.       Team B                  Winner

        (A) M97     (17) Winner M89    v.    (18) Winner M90    = Winner (A) M97 (W97)

        (B) M98      (21) Winner M93   v.    (22) Winner M94    = Winner (B) M98 (W98)

        (C) M99      (19) Winner M91   v.    (20) Winner M92    = Winner (C) M99 (W99)

       (D) M100      (23) Winner M95   v.    (24) Winner M96   = Winner (D) M100 (W100)


      Note: the above configuration does not necessarily represent the chronological
      order in which the matches will be played.

12.9 The four winners of the quarter‑finals will contest the semi‑finals as follows:


       Match no.         Team A        v.        Team B                  Winner

       (SF1) M101     (A) Winner M97    v.    (B) Winner M98      = Winner SF1 (W101)

       (SF2) M102     (C) Winner M99    v.   (D) Winner M100      = Winner SF2 (W102)


      Note: the above configuration does not necessarily represent the chronological
      order in which the matches will be played.

12.10 The two runners‑up of the semi‑finals will contest the play‑off for third place,
      as follows:


       Match no.        Team A         v.       Team B                  Winner

                                                                    = Winner M103
                     Runner‑up SF1           Runner‑up SF2
         M103                          v.                              Winner of
                        (M101)                  (M102)
                                                                 play‑off for third place


12.11 The two winners of the semi‑finals will contest the final, as follows:
                                                                                                 Competition format




       Match no.        Team A         v.       Team B                  Winner

                                                                    = Winner M104
         M104
                    Winner SF1 (W101) v. Winner SF2 (W102)         FIFA World Cup 26
        (Final)
                                                                      champions


                                                                                                 III .
26




     Article 13: EQUAL POINTS AND QUALIFICATION FOR
                 KNOCKOUT STAGES

     If two or more teams in the same group are equal on points after the completion
     of the group stage, the following criteria, in the order below, shall be applied to
     determine the ranking:

     Step 1:

           a) greatest number of points obtained in the group matches between the teams
              concerned;

           b) superior goal difference resulting from the group matches between the
              teams concerned;

           c) greatest number of goals scored in all group matches between the teams
              concerned.

     Step 2:

     If, after having applied criteria a) to c) above, teams still have an equal ranking, and
     in order to determine their final rankings, criteria a) to c) above are applied to the
     matches between the remaining teams only. If no decision can be made through
     this procedure, criteria d) to f) below shall apply as follows to the two or more teams
     still equal on points:

           d) superior goal difference in all group matches;

           e) greatest number of goals scored in all group matches;

           f) highest team conduct score (players and team officials) relating to the number
              of yellow and red cards obtained:

               -   yellow card:					minus 1 point

               -   indirect red card (as a result of two yellow cards):   minus 3 points

               -   direct red card:					                                  minus 4 points

               -   yellow card and direct red card:			                    minus 5 points

     Only one of the above deductions shall be applied to a player or team official in a
     single match. The team with the highest number of points shall be ranked highest.

     With respect to the second step, all affected teams will be ranked by applying the
     criteria d) to f) in order. If one team qualifies for a higher or lower ranking pursuant
     to one criterion, but it is not possible to rank all teams on the basis of the same
     criterion, the remaining two or three teams will be ranked pursuant to the next
                                                                                         27




criterion, and so on. In any case, the second step of the ranking does not restart
for the two or three teams remaining after application of a criterion.

Step 3:

If no decision can be made through the procedures of step 1 and 2, the following
shall apply:

     g) the two or more teams still equal on points shall be ranked according to the
        most recent published edition of the FIFA/Coca‑Cola Men’s World Ranking;

     h) the two or more teams still equal on points shall be ranked according to the
        published edition of the FIFA/Coca‑Cola Men’s World Ranking immediately
        preceding the most recent published edition continually until a decision can
        be made.

The eight best‑ranked teams among those finishing third (third‑placed teams
from 1 to 8)

The eight best teams among those ranked third will be determined as follows:

     a) greatest number of points obtained in all group matches;

     b) goal difference resulting from all group matches;

     c) greatest number of goals scored in all group matches;

     d) highest team conduct score (players and team officials) relating to the number
        of yellow and red cards obtained in all group matches and calculated as per
        article 13 paragraph 1, step 2;

     e) the two or more teams still equal on points shall be ranked according to the
        most recent published edition of the FIFA/Coca‑Cola Men’s World Ranking;

     f) the two or more teams still equal on points shall be ranked according to the
        published edition of the FIFA/Coca‑Cola Men’s World Ranking immediately
        preceding the most recent published edition continually until a decision can
        be made.
                                                                                              Competition format




                                                                                              III .
28




     Article 14: E
                  XTRA TIME AND PENALTIES (PENALTY
                 SHOOT‑OUT)

     14.1   In the knockout stages, if a match is level at the end of normal playing time,
            extra time shall be played. Extra time shall consist of two 15‑minute periods,
            with an interval of five minutes at the end of normal playing time, but not
            between the two periods of extra time. The players shall remain on the pitch
            during both of these intervals.

     14.2   If the score is still level at the end of extra time, penalties (penalty shoot-out)
            shall be taken to determine the winner, in accordance with the procedure
            specified in the Laws of the Game.

     14.3   Before the start of a penalty shoot‑out to determine the outcome of a match:

            a) unless there are other considerations (e.g. ground conditions, safety, etc.),
               the referee tosses a coin to decide the goal at which the kicks will be taken,
               which may only be changed for safety reasons or if the goal or playing surface
               becomes unusable; and

            b) the referee tosses a coin again, and the team that wins the toss decides
               whether to take the first or second kick.
         IV.

Competition
preparation
30




     Article 15: F
                  INAL DRAW, TEAM SEMINAR AND TEAM
                 WORKSHOP

     The Final Draw for the FIFA World Cup 26™ will take place together with the Team
     Seminar. In addition, FIFA may organise a Team Workshop as a separate event prior
     to the commencement of the final competition. Detailed information concerning
     the Final Draw, Team Seminar and Team Workshop shall be communicated by
     circular letter.


     Article 16: VENUES, DATES AND KICK‑OFF TIMES

     16.1 The venues, dates and kick‑off times of the matches shall be determined by FIFA.

     16.2 The dates and venues of the matches shall be set, allowing each team a minimum
          rest period of three days between matches, except for the period between the
          semi‑finals and the play‑off for third place. The minimum rest period can only
          be less than three days if stipulated by FIFA in cases of force majeure.

     16.3   In principle, the last matchday matches of the group stage of the same group
            shall kick off simultaneously, unless stipulated otherwise by FIFA (e.g. in cases
            of force majeure).

     16.4   FIFA may decide the allocation and kick‑off times of the matches after the
            Final Draw.


     Article 17: FRIENDLY/PREPARATION MATCHES

     17.1   Each team taking part in the FIFA World Cup 26 is entitled to play friendly
            matches and/or other preparation matches (“closed door” training matches),
            before the final competition from the date of its arrival in one of the host
            countries until five days prior to its first match in the FIFA World Cup 26,
            according to the procedure for approval of friendly matches established in
            the FIFA Regulations Governing International Matches and the following rules:

            a) Prior approval must be given by the relevant host member association, the
               confederations concerned and FIFA. In principle:

               i. Friendly/preparation matches in stadiums selected for use during the final
                  competition will be prohibited; and

               ii. Requests to play matches at Team Base Camp Training Sites (and, potentially,
                   Venue‑Specific Training Sites) will be considered, taking into account the
                   prevailing conditions, such as the quality of the field of play, the weather
                   and operational considerations.
                                                                                          31




            FIFA may withhold its approval for matches to be played at the Team
            Base Camp Training Sites (or Venue‑Specific Training Sites) as from one
            month prior to the opening match of the final competition in order to
            ensure that the field of play is of the highest quality.

            For approved matches, all related costs (including the rental fee) must
            be borne by the relevant participating member association(s).

         In particular, FIFA may withhold its approval for matches intended to be
         held at the above sites as from one month prior to the opening match
         of the final competition in order to ensure that the field of play is of the
         highest quality.

      b) Each team shall comply with the FIFA Media and Marketing Regulations,
         the FIFA Equipment Regulations and any other applicable FIFA regulations
         or guidelines.

      c) Teams drawn into the same group of the final competition shall not play
         friendly/preparation matches against each other.

      d) Friendly/preparation matches must be played in accordance with the Laws
         of the Game in force, as they count towards the FIFA/Coca‑Cola Men’s
         World Ranking.

      e) Neutral FIFA referees on the 2026 FIFA Refereeing International Lists shall
         be appointed for these matches. This rule also applies to assistant referees
         as well as video match officials, if used.

17.2 The rights emanating from an approved friendly and/or other preparation
     match in any of the host countries including, among others, all kinds of financial
     rights, audiovisual and radio recording, reproduction and broadcasting rights,
     multimedia rights, marketing and promotional rights and ticketing rights,
     may be commercialised by the teams participating in such friendly and/or
     other preparation matches subject to the following conditions (and provided
     no association is made with the FIFA World Cup 26, e.g. “Preparation match
     for the FIFA World Cup 26” or other prohibited messaging pursuant to the
                                                                                               Competition preparation




     FIFA Media and Marketing Regulations):

      a) In the event of such match taking place at a Team Base Camp Training Site
         (or a Venue‑Specific Training Site), commercialisation is only permitted if
         the friendly/preparation match takes place earlier than five days prior to the
         opening match of the FIFA World Cup 26.

      b) As from five days prior to the opening match of the FIFA World Cup 26,
         only non‑commercialised friendly/preparation matches may take place at a
                                                                                               IV .
         Team Base Camp Training Site (or Venue‑Specific Training Site).
32




            c) If such match does not take place at an official competition site,
               commercialisation is permitted until five days prior to the team’s first match
               of the FIFA World Cup 26.

            d) FIFA reserves the right to film any friendly/preparation matches in which
               the Participating Member Association plays in a host country after the Final
               Draw for the FIFA World Cup 26 and before the start of the final competition.
               For this purpose, FIFA filming crews and FIFA photographers will be accredited
               for the friendly/preparation match as per the applicable procedures in place.
               Any footage captured may be provided to FIFA’s Media Rights Licensees as
               source material or as part of fully produced features and may be used in any
               competition‑related programming.

     17.3   FIFA may provide further information on friendly/preparation matches by
            means of a circular letter.


     Article 18: TEAM ARRIVALS

     18.1   Each team participating in the FIFA World Cup 26 shall arrive in the host
            country no later than five days before its first group match in the respective
            host country.

     18.2   Only official team accommodation in Canada, Mexico and the USA (Team Base
            Camp Hotels and Venue‑Specific Team Hotels) designated as such by FIFA
            shall be used for the teams’ accommodation from five days before the team’s
            first match and up to one day after its elimination or last match in the FIFA
            World Cup 26.

     18.3   Each team participating in the FIFA World Cup 26 shall choose a Team Base
            Camp from the Team Base Camp brochure, as per the official Team Base Camp
            selection policy, which shall be its main accommodation and training base until
            the knockout stages begin (i.e. round of 32). Each team shall travel from its
            Team Base Camp to the match venue one day before matchday (MD‑1) and in
            exceptional cases on MD‑2, and shall return to their Team Base Camp after
            the match (on MD/MD+1).

     18.4   From the round of 32 onwards, each team will be requested to release its Team
            Base Camp and start venue‑hopping (moving from match venue to match venue
            until the end of its participation in the FIFA World Cup 26), unless otherwise
            authorised by FIFA.

     18.5   Further details will be communicated at a later stage in the Team Accommodation
            and Movement Policy via a circular letter.
            V.

Stadiums and
training sites
34




     Article 19: STADIUMS

     19.1 Matches shall be played on natural grass. For natural grass pitches, FIFA’s
          guidelines and requirements shall be followed. In order to ensure that the field
          of play is of the highest quality, it shall not be used for a non‑football event
          as of two months before the first match held in the stadium in connection
          with the FIFA World Cup 26. It shall also not be used for any kind of event as
          of one month before the first match held in the stadium in connection with
          the FIFA World Cup 26. Any exemption to these deadlines is subject to FIFA’s
          explicit prior approval in writing.

     19.2 Unless otherwise approved by FIFA, the stadium pitch shall have the following
          dimensions: length 105m, width 68m.

     19.3 The pitch watering schedule and the height of the grass will be communicated
          by the FIFA Match Director at the Match Coordination Meeting. The FIFA Match
          Director, in consultation with the pitch management expert, shall define the
          grass height and watering schedule.

     19.4 The field of play, accessory equipment and all facilities for each match shall
          be in optimum condition and comply with the Laws of the Game and all other
          relevant regulations. All goals shall be equipped with white goalposts and
          white goal nets with dark support posts and padding. Each stadium shall
          have spare goals, nets and corner flags located in close proximity to the field
          of play for contingency purposes.

     19.5 In all FIFA World Cup 26 stadiums, smoking, vaping and the use of any
          tobacco‑related products are only allowed in the designated areas (if made
          available).


     Article 20: STADIUM ROOF

     20.1 If a stadium has a retractable roof, the FIFA Match Director shall decide
          before the match whether the roof shall be open or closed during the match.
          This decision must be announced by the FIFA Match Director at the Match
          Coordination Meeting.

     20.2 If the match starts with the roof open and there is a serious deterioration
          in the weather conditions impacting the match, the referee, in consultation
          with the FIFA Match Director, has the authority to order its closure during
          the match. In such an event, the roof is to remain closed until the end of the
          match. The roof may only be opened or closed if there is no one on the pitch.
                                                                                             35




Article 21: TRAINING SITES

21.1 In principle, all training sites shall be approved by FIFA.

21.2 The training sites shall be made available at least five days before the team’s
     first match until one day after its elimination or last match in the FIFA World
     Cup 26. In principle, the training sites shall be made available at any time
     requested by the teams in accordance with their training schedule.

21.3 As from five days before the respective team’s first match in the final
     competition, each team shall only use the official training sites allocated to it
     (i.e. the Team Base Camp Training Site and the Venue‑Specific Training Site,
     where applicable) for any training sessions.

21.4 In order to ensure that the field of play is of the highest quality, such official
     training sites shall not be used for a football match or any other event for a
     period commencing one month prior to the opening match of the FIFA World
     Cup 26 without the express written permission of FIFA.

21.5 Official training sites for the match officials and teams (Team Base Camp
     Training Sites and, potentially, Venue‑Specific Training Sites) shall be in excellent
     condition and situated near the match officials’ base camp hotel and the Team
     Base Camp Hotels (and, potentially, Venue‑Specific Team Hotels). They shall
     be made available to FIFA for its exclusive use and shall be free of any and all
     commercial activities and identifications, e.g. boards and signage other than
     those of FIFA’s Commercial Affiliates, from at least 14 days prior to the opening
     match of the FIFA World Cup 26 until three days after it was last required by
     a team (Venue‑Specific Training Site), or until the team completes its use of
     the training site (Team Base Camp Training Site) or until the completion of the
     final match of the FIFA World Cup 26 (match officials’ training site).

21.6 Unless otherwise approved by FIFA, all training‑site pitches shall be in
     accordance with the pitch sizes for international matches specified in the
                                                                                                  Stadiums and training sites




     Laws of the Game.

21.7 The training sites shall be in excellent condition, freshly mowed and fully
     marked in accordance with the Laws of the Game.

21.8 Pitch maintenance personnel and suitable pitch equipment shall be provided
     at all official training sites, including but not limited to cones, free‑kick walls,
     speed ladders and portable goals. Each training site shall be equipped with
     at least one dressing room with showers and toilets.                                         V.
36




     21.9 At all FIFA World Cup 26 training sites, smoking, vaping and the use of any
          tobacco‑related products are only allowed in the designated areas if made
          available).
             VI.

Players’ and
officials’ lists
38




     Article 22: ELIGIBILITY OF PLAYERS

     22.1 Each Participating Member Association shall ensure the following when
          selecting its representative team for the FIFA World Cup 26:

           a) All players shall hold the nationality of their country or territory as represented
              by the Participating Member Association and be subject to its jurisdiction.

           b) All players shall be eligible for selection in accordance with the FIFA Statutes,
              the Regulations Governing the Application of the FIFA Statutes and other
              FIFA rules and regulations.

     22.2 Each Participating Member Association is responsible for fielding only eligible
          players. Infringements concerning the eligibility of players shall be decided by
          the FIFA Disciplinary Committee in accordance with the FIFA Disciplinary Code.

     22.3 Protests regarding the eligibility of players shall be decided by the FIFA
          Disciplinary Committee in accordance with article 9 paragraph 3 of these
          Regulations and the FIFA Disciplinary Code.


     Article 23: PROVISIONAL RELEASE LIST

     23.1 Each Participating Member Association shall provide FIFA with a list of a
          minimum of 35 and no more than 55 players (four of whom shall be goalkeepers,
          hereinafter: “provisional release list”) whom it may call up in accordance
          with the relevant provisions of Annexe 1 to the FIFA Regulations on the
          Status and Transfer of Players and the mandatory release date as defined in
          these Regulations.

     23.2 Each Participating Member Association shall submit online a provisional release
          list of players to FIFA of a minimum of 35 and no more than 55 players (at least
          four of whom shall be goalkeepers), accompanied by an accreditation photo
          and a copy of the passport of each player appearing on the list. The provisional
          release list shall be submitted to FIFA by the deadline stipulated in the relevant
          circular letter.

     23.3 The provisional release list shall contain information such as the player’s full
          last name(s), all first names, popular name, name on the shirt, place and date
          of birth, passport number and expiry date, name and country of the club they
          play for, height, weight, number of caps attained and number of international
          goals scored. Further details on the submission of the provisional release list,
          and the deadline by which the list shall be submitted to FIFA, will be stipulated
          in the relevant circular letter.
                                                                                             39




23.4 Each Participating Member Association shall include up to 75 team officials,
     including the coach, team doctor and team manager, on the provisional release
     list so that the relevant authorities can proceed with the background checks
     for visa and accreditation purposes. Each Participating Member Association
     shall adhere to the visa requirements and process.

23.5 The provisional release list will only be used for internal purposes and will
     not be published by FIFA.

23.6 Changes may be made to the provisional release list in exceptional cases and
     up until the submission of the final release list. Any change requests must
     be submitted in writing, along with an accreditation photo and a copy of the
     passport of the new individual.


Article 24: FINAL RELEASE LIST

24.1 Each Participating Member Association shall provide FIFA with a final release
     list of at least 23 players up to a maximum of 26 players (at least three of whom
     shall be goalkeepers) and up to 27 team officials (hereinafter “final release
     list”) by the deadline stipulated in the relevant circular letter. This final release
     list shall contain only players who were named on the provisional release list.
     Any exception must be approved by FIFA. A signed copy of the final release
     list shall also be sent to FIFA by the same deadline. All information requested
     online about the players should be duly completed.

24.2 A player listed on the final release list may be replaced with a player from the
     provisional release list only in the event of serious injury or illness up until
     24 hours before the kick‑off of their team’s first match in the FIFA World Cup 26.
     Any exceptions must be approved by FIFA. The replacement shall be nominated
     by the Participating Member Association, who shall inform FIFA accordingly.
     Upon receipt and acceptance of a written detailed medical assessment in one
     of the official FIFA languages, the FIFA Medical Committee, represented by the
     FIFA Tournament Medical Lead, will ascertain whether the injury or illness is
                                                                                                  Players’ and officials’ lists




     sufficiently serious to prevent the player from taking part in the FIFA World
     Cup 26. Injured players who are replaced shall return their accreditation to
     FIFA. Accordingly, players who have returned their accreditation shall no
     longer be considered members of the Participating Member Association’s
     final release list. The replacement player must be assigned the shirt number
     of the injured player being replaced.


                                                                                                  VI .
40




     24.3 A goalkeeper listed on the final release list may be replaced by another
          goalkeeper from the provisional release list only, in the event of serious injury
          or illness, at any time during the final competition. Any exceptions must be
          approved by FIFA. The replacement shall be nominated by the Participating
          Member Association, who shall inform FIFA accordingly. Upon receipt and
          acceptance of a written detailed medical assessment in one of the official FIFA
          languages, the FIFA Medical Committee, represented by the FIFA Tournament
          Medical Lead, will ascertain whether the injury or illness is sufficiently serious
          to prevent the goalkeeper from taking part in the FIFA World Cup 26. Injured
          goalkeepers who are replaced must return their accreditation to FIFA.
          Accordingly, goalkeepers who have returned their accreditation shall no
          longer be considered members of the Participating Member Association’s final
          release list. The replacement goalkeeper must be assigned the next possible
          shirt number not being used yet, e.g. 27.

     24.4 The final release list of 23 to 26 players and up to 27 team officials will be
          published by FIFA after the submission deadline.

     24.5 Before the start of the FIFA World Cup 26, every player on the final release list
          shall prove their identity, nationality and age by producing their legally valid
          individual passport with photograph (stating day, month and year of birth).
          Any player who fails to submit these documents will not be allowed to take
          part in the FIFA World Cup 26. The identity of team officials will be checked in
          connection with the accreditation process.


     Article 25: RELEASE OF PLAYERS

     To ensure the timely release of players for the FIFA World Cup 26, FIFA will set aside
     dates as follows:

           a) The rest, mandatory release and preparation period for the FIFA World Cup 26
              begins on 25 May 2026 with the mandatory release of players following the
              last official club match on 24 May 2026.

           b) Exceptions to the mandatory player release will apply to any players involved
              in the final matches of their confederation club tournaments and the final
              matchday of the group stages of these competitions, up to and including
              30 May 2026, and subject to FIFA approval.
                                                                                          41




Article 26: ACCREDITATION

26.1 FIFA shall issue each player and team official included on the final release
     list with an official accreditation bearing a photograph. Each Participating
     Member Association agrees to fully comply, and to ensure that all members
     of its delegation, including players, coaches, managers, officials and
     representatives also comply, with the FIFA Accreditation Terms and Conditions.
     Each Participating Member Association will receive accreditations in accordance
     with the final release list. Any additional accreditations may be requested from
     FIFA Team Services in accordance with the official procedure prior to the final
     competition. For the sake of clarity, FIFA will only cover the costs of up to a
     maximum of 50 Delegation Members, as stipulated in the financial provisions
     of these Regulations.

26.2 FIFA reserves the right to revoke the accreditation of any official or player due
     to the misconduct of the individual concerned.

26.3 The Participating Member Associations shall ensure that all accreditation data
     required by FIFA is submitted by the deadline stipulated by FIFA. Further details
     will be outlined in a circular letter.

26.4 Players and team officials shall wear their accreditation provided by FIFA
     when entering hotels, stadiums and training sites. Only players in possession
     of valid accreditation may play in the FIFA World Cup 26. Players shall wear
     their accreditation at all times in the team hotels. Team officials must wear
     their accreditation at all times, including during the match on the team bench.


Article 27: TEAM SAFEGUARDING/WELFARE OFFICER

Each Participating Member Association shall appoint a designated Team Safeguarding/
Welfare Officer to act as a focal point for all matters related to the safeguarding
and well‑being of the players and team delegation. This role does not have to be
exclusive and can be assigned to a team medical doctor or other trained member of
                                                                                               Players’ and officials’ lists




the accredited team delegation. It is a mandatory requirement that the designated
Team Safeguarding/Welfare Officer complete the FIFA Guardians Safeguarding
Essentials: Open Learners online course (https://safeguardinginfootball.fifa.com/
global‑football‑community‑learners/) and submit the certificate of completion
to FIFA. In addition, FIFA recommends that all members of the team delegation
accompanying the players complete the course. The role of the Team Safeguarding/
Welfare Officer is to:

      a) act as the first point of contact and lead for all safeguarding matters within        VI .
         the team delegation during the FIFA World Cup 26;
42




     b) liaise with the FIFA Event Safeguarding Manager for the sharing of materials
        with the delegation and for training session visits, and attend the Team
        Safeguarding/Welfare Officer Workshop;

     c) take all reasonable steps to ensure that the players’ and Delegation Members’
        mental and physical well‑being is prioritised;

     d) liaise with the tournament Safeguarding Manager and the FIFA Event
        Safeguarding Manager should a concern or an allegation of harassment or
        abuse (be it psychological, physical or sexual, or neglect) arise;

     e) be aware (and make sure that all members of the team delegation are aware)
        of the Safeguarding and Anti‑Discrimination Code of Conduct, with which
        all accreditation holders, including the players, are required to comply; and

     f) know the specific safeguarding measures for the FIFA World Cup 26 and the
        avenues available for reporting concerns.
        VII.

Kit and team
equipment
44




     Article 28: KIT AND COLOURS APPROVAL

     28.1 The FIFA Equipment Regulations and the FIFA Media and Marketing Regulations
          in force apply to all matches of the final competition, unless specified otherwise
          in these Regulations. To the extent that these Regulations are inconsistent with
          any aspect of the FIFA Equipment Regulations, the FIFA Equipment Regulations
          shall take precedence.

           The display of political, religious, or personal messages or slogans of any
           nature in any language or form by players and team officials on their playing,
           team kits or other clothing considered as outerwear and formal attire, before
           and after playing, and equipment (including kit bags, beverage containers,
           medical bags, etc.) or body is prohibited. The similar display of commercial
           messages and slogans of any nature in any language or form by players and
           officials is not allowed for the duration of their time at any official activity
           organised by FIFA (including official matches and training sessions, as well as
           during official press conferences and mixed‑zone activities).

     28.2 Each team shall inform FIFA of a minimum of two different and contrasting
          (one predominantly dark and one predominantly light) colours for each of its
          first‑choice and alternative team kits (shirt, shorts and socks). In addition, each
          team shall select a minimum of three contrasting colours for the goalkeepers.
          These three goalkeeper kits must be different and contrasting from each
          other as well as from the first‑choice and alternative team playing kits.
          This information shall be submitted online via the team colour form by the
          stipulated deadline. Only these colours, once reviewed and approved by FIFA
          as stated in article 28 paragraph 3 below, may be worn during matches.

     28.3 The Participating Member Associations shall send to FIFA for approval a sample
          of all items of the full first‑choice and alternative team playing kits (shirt,
          shorts, socks, all three goalkeeper’s kits, caps, wristbands and headbands, etc.)
          intended for use during the final competition. In addition, FIFA shall organise a
          kit‑day session prior to the final competition; should it do so, the date shall be
          confirmed by circular letter or other official communication. Representatives of
          all Participating Member Associations shall attend. All equipment (kits, bags,
          medical equipment, etc.) that could be on display in the stadium, the training
          sites and the hotels, or during transfers to, from or within the three host
          countries, shall be approved by FIFA.

           FIFA shall issue a written team equipment inspection report approving or
           rejecting the items. Should any article of the team kit or any part thereof
           not be in accordance with the FIFA Equipment Regulations and/or the FIFA
           Media and Marketing Regulations, the Participating Member Association will
           be obliged to change it accordingly and resubmit the corrected items within
                                                                                             45




      the timeline set in the written team equipment inspection report. Any such
      decisions are not subject to appeal.

28.4 All equipment (kits, bags, medical equipment, etc.) that could be on display
     in the stadiums, the training sites and the hotels, or during transfers to, from
     or within the three host countries, shall be re‑checked and approved by FIFA
     during the Team Arrival Meeting for the FIFA World Cup 26.

28.5 From the moment that their teams first arrive in any of the three host countries,
     and at the latest five days before the opening match until the end of the final
     competition, Participating Member Associations may not display (including
     on any clothing) any third‑party commercial identification or branding in any
     final competition stadiums or training sites, or in connection with any official
     media activities, other than:

      a) on kit used at unofficial training sessions;

      b) in the indoor press conference facility at their official training site (or other
         press conference location approved by FIFA), but only when used for unofficial
         events/activities; or

      c) manufacturer’s identifications on kit, in accordance with the FIFA Equipment
         Regulations.

      More details may be provided in the FIFA Media and Marketing Regulations.

28.6 The approval that has been granted by FIFA on each item is based on all
     the information made available and provided to FIFA during the equipment
     inspection and approval process. Any approval by FIFA is specific only to the
     sample items submitted and reviewed by FIFA. It does not apply to any team kit,
     uniform, material or other equipment that is not identical in all specifications
     to the sample submitted and declared to FIFA.

      For the avoidance of doubt, changing the context of the design, text, images,
      associated messages or any other material in which the item is intended to be
                                                                                                  Kit and team equipment




      used constitutes a change to the approved use of such item. If the approved
      item is used in any manner conflicting with the applicable FIFA requirements
      and regulations, FIFA shall have the right to, at any time, withdraw its approval
      and the item shall not be used, as well as to open disciplinary proceedings
      against the relevant Participating Member Association. Such cases shall be
      processed in accordance with the FIFA Disciplinary Code.


                                                                                                  VII .
46




     Article 29: NUMBERS AND NAMES

     29.1 Only the numbers 1 to 26 may be allocated to the players, with number 1
          being reserved exclusively for one of the goalkeepers. These numbers shall
          be displayed at chest height on the front of the shirt, on the front of the shorts
          and on the back of the shirts according to the FIFA Equipment Regulations. The
          numbers shall correspond to the numbers indicated on the final release list.

     29.2 During the final competition, for any goalkeeper replacement, the incoming
          goalkeeper shall be assigned the next possible shirt number not being used
          yet, e.g. 27.

     29.3 The player’s last name or popular (or abbreviation) name shall be affixed above
          the number on the back of the shirt and shall be clearly legible in accordance
          with the FIFA Equipment Regulations. The name on the shirt shall bear a strong
          resemblance to the player’s popular name as indicated on the final release
          list and in any other official FIFA documentation. In the event of two or more
          players having the same name on the back of the shirt, further letter(s) or
          initial(s) shall be added until a clear distinction can be made between the players
          concerned. In case of doubt, FIFA shall have the final decision regarding the
          name that appears on the shirt.

     29.4 Each team shall supply a set of goalkeeper shirts without names or numbers
          for the FIFA World Cup 26. These shirts will only be used in those special
          circumstances in which an outfield player must take the position of goalkeeper
          during a match. This extra set of goalkeeper shirts shall be provided in the
          same three colours as the regular goalkeeper shirts.
                                                                                          47




Article 30: MATCH COLOURS DESIGNATION

30.1 No later than one month before the start of the final competition, FIFA will
     inform the teams of the colours that they shall wear for each match of the
     group stage. As far as is possible, FIFA’s preference is for each team to wear
     its first‑choice colours as declared on the team colour form. If the two teams’
     colours and the match officials’ colour might cause confusion, the following
     principles shall be applied by FIFA to allocate the match colours:

      a) Order of priority from 1 to 5:

         1. Team A playing kit

         2. Team B playing kit

         3. Team A goalkeeper kit

         4. Team B goalkeeper kit

         5. Match officials’ (referees’) kit

     If the above order of priority does not produce a clear colour contrast of the
     kits (having considered the respective first‑choice playing kit and alternative
     playing kit colour options), the allocation shall continue step by step in reverse
     order (team B colours first, followed by team A colours and/or reversal of
     team A and team B assignment, if necessary) until an acceptable colour
     contrast is confirmed.

     b) If necessary, one or both teams may have to wear a combination of their
        first‑choice and alternative playing or goalkeeper kits, or each team may
        have to play in its alternative colours, irrespective of its team A or team B
        status. FIFA will endeavour to ensure that each team wears its first‑choice
        team playing kit at least once during the group stage. In principle, FIFA shall
        also consider the option of dark‑kit and light‑kit colour‑contrast assignments
        in the interests of accommodating individuals with a colour vision deficiency
        whenever reasonably practicable.
                                                                                               Kit and team equipment




30.2 FIFA shall confirm the playing colours to the Participating Member Associations
     before the start of each match. The colours shall be reviewed during the Match
     Coordination Meeting by the FIFA Match Director. The colours assignment
     decided by FIFA is final.

30.3 The first‑choice and alternative team playing kits and all goalkeeper kits
     (including the goalkeeper shirts without names and numbers) shall be taken
     to every match.                                                                           VII .
48




     Article 31: OTHER EQUIPMENT

     31.1 FIFA will supply a sufficient number of players’ sleeve badges with the official
          competition logo of the FIFA World Cup 26, which shall be affixed on the
          right‑hand sleeve of each shirt. A different FIFA campaign logo may be affixed
          on the left‑hand sleeve. FIFA will communicate to the Participating Member
          Associations the instructions for use of the players’ sleeve badges.

     31.2 FIFA will provide each participating team with a set of equipment upon arrival
          in one of the three host countries (e.g. drinks bottles, drinks coolers, medical
          bags, etc.). This equipment shall be used at the stadiums and official training
          sessions, to the exclusion of any other similar items, other than as detailed
          in the FIFA Media and Marketing Regulations.

     31.3 For the FIFA World Cup 26, the captain of each team shall wear the captain’s
          armband as issued by FIFA. If FIFA provides a choice of captain’s armband,
          the captain should wear the one that contrasts most clearly with the sleeve
          on which it is worn. FIFA shall have the right to, at any time, open disciplinary
          proceedings against the relevant Participating Member Association for any
          instances of non‑compliance. Such cases shall be processed in accordance
          with the FIFA Disciplinary Code.

     31.4 The footballs used in the FIFA World Cup 26 shall be selected and exclusively
          supplied by FIFA. Each team will receive training balls from FIFA prior to the
          final competition after the conclusion of the preliminary competition, and
          after all teams have successfully submitted the required team entry details.
          Training balls will also be provided to the participating teams upon arrival in
          one of the three host countries. Only these balls provided by FIFA may be used
          for training and warm‑up sessions at the official stadiums and training sites.

     31.5 Only warm‑up bibs provided by FIFA may be used during official training
          sessions and at the stadium in the pre‑match warm‑up, on the team benches,
          and for the warm‑up of substitute players during matches.

     31.6 Participating teams are allowed to use their own wearable tracking system
          as long as the system has been tested and certified according to the Laws of
          the Game, registered with FIFA by the Participating Member Association for
          use in the final competition and otherwise complies with the FIFA Equipment
          Regulations, the FIFA Media and Marketing Regulations and any other applicable
          FIFA regulations.
      VIII.

Match
organisation
50




     Article 32: START LIST

     32.1 The electronic start list system will be available and accessible eight hours
          prior to the kick‑off of the respective match with the full names and shirt
          numbers of the maximum of 26 players listed on the final release list, together
          with the full names of the officials eligible to be seated on the team bench.
          A maximum of 26 players (including a minimum of two goalkeepers) may be
          chosen for the start list. Changes can be made at the team’s discretion up to
          90 minutes before kick‑off. The traditional paper start list will also be available
          prior to each match.

     32.2 The start list should be duly completed by selecting the 11 players who will start
          the match and the maximum of 15 substitutes, indicating the captain, selecting
          the officials to be seated on the team bench (maximum of 11) and submitted
          by the authorised team official and/or signed if applicable. Both teams shall
          submit their completed start list at least 90 minutes before kick‑off. If the start
          list is not submitted on time for any reason the matter will be reported to the
          FIFA Disciplinary Committee. Both teams’ start lists will only be published
          once both teams have submitted them, fully completed.

     32.3 At the Match Coordination Meeting (before each match), the teams will receive
          a start list with the full names and shirt numbers of up to 26 players together
          with the full names of the team officials eligible to be seated on the bench.

     32.4 The numbers on the players’ shirts must correspond to the numbers indicated
          on the start list. Each team is responsible for ensuring that the start list is
          completed properly and that only the 11 selected players start the match.

     32.5 If, after the submission of the start list, any of the 11 players are not able to
          begin the match due to injury or illness, they may be replaced by any of the
          eligible substitutes as long as the FIFA Match Director and the referee are
          officially informed thereof prior to kick‑off. Within 24 hours, the team concerned
          shall also provide FIFA with a medical report issued by a team medical doctor
          responsible (in one of the three official FIFA languages).

     32.6 Further to the above, any injured or ill player who is removed from the start
          list will no longer be eligible to take part in the match and thus cannot be
          selected as a substitute player at any time during the match. Such a change
          to the start list will not reduce the number of official substitutions that may
          be made by a team during the match. Although no longer eligible to play as
          a substitute, the injured or ill player who was removed from the start list
          before kick‑off may be seated on the team bench and would in that case also
          be eligible for doping control selection.
                                                                                           51




32.7 Only the players who were identified on the official start list submitted to the
     FIFA Match Director, or were confirmed as a warm‑up injury/illness replacement
     player, may start the match. In the case of any discrepancies of players on the
     pitch at the beginning of the match, the matter will be submitted to the FIFA
     Disciplinary Committee for a decision.


Article 33: TECHNICAL AND WARM‑UP AREAS

33.1 The technical area is the area which the coach, other team officials and
     substitutes are allowed to occupy during the match. It includes the dugout
     (if applicable), the team bench and a marked zone adjacent to the pitch.

33.2 No more than 26 people (up to 15 substitute players and up to 11 team officials
     – one of these officials shall be a team medical doctor) shall be allowed to sit
     on the team bench. A suspended player or team official will not be allowed to
     sit on the team bench or be in the technical area during the match.

33.3 Up to 20 additional technical overflow seats (including one seat for the team
     liaison officer and one seat for the team security liaison officer) in the stands
     shall be allocated for accredited officials providing technical support to the team
     during the match (kit manager, assistant physiotherapist, etc.). Staff occupying
     such seats shall have access to the dressing rooms with a valid accreditation.

33.4 During the match, substitutes are allowed to leave the technical area to warm
     up. At the Match Coordination Meeting, the FIFA Match Director shall explain
     exactly where they may warm up.

33.5 A maximum of five players (including the goalkeeper) and one official per team
     shall warm up at the same time next to their own team bench. If there is not
     sufficient space next to their own team bench, both teams shall warm up behind
     the advertising boards to the rear of the goal. If there is insufficient space
     behind the goals, both teams shall warm up in the designated area behind
     assistant referee no. 1. In this case, three players (including the goalkeeper)
     and one official per team may warm up at the same time. In all cases, the
     warm‑up may not involve the use of any balls.
                                                                                                 Match organisation




33.6 Smoking, vaping and the use of any tobacco‑related products are only allowed
     in the designated areas (if made available) and are not allowed in the technical
     area, in the vicinity of the field of play or within the competition areas, such as
     the dressing rooms.

                                                                                                VIII .
52




     33.7 Small, handheld electronic equipment (e.g. microphones, headphones,
          earpieces, mobile phones/smartphones, smartwatches, tablets, laptops,
          etc.) are permitted in the technical area only if used for coaching/tactics or
          player welfare in accordance with the Laws of the Game and the FIFA Media
          and Marketing Regulations.

     33.8 Additional special equipment items (e.g. antennae) for the use of wearable
          technology at final competition matches may only be positioned in a dedicated
          area of a final competition stadium defined by FIFA, but not in the technical
          area of such stadium.


     Article 34: MATCH PROTOCOL

     34.1 The countdown to kick‑off provided to both teams in advance of the match shall
          be strictly complied with by both teams. Each team is responsible for arriving
          at the stadium at the latest 90 minutes before the kick‑off of the respective
          match. The FIFA flag and the flag of the host country and both competing
          Participating Member Associations shall be displayed in the stadium at every
          match in accordance with FIFA’s Flag Protocol, unless FIFA states otherwise.

     34.2 Unless FIFA states otherwise, the national anthems of the two teams will
          be played before each match. The Participating Member Associations shall
          confirm their national anthem to FIFA (maximum duration of 90 seconds) by
          the date stipulated in the relevant circular.

     34.3 The display of political, religious or personal messages or slogans of any
          nature in any language or form by players and officials is prohibited at any
          time before the match, during the national anthems, during the match and
          after the conclusion of the match. The similar display of commercial messages
          and slogans of any nature in any language or form by players and officials is
          not allowed for the duration of their time at any official activity organised by
          FIFA (including official matches and training sessions, as well as during official
          press conferences and mixed‑zone activities).
                                                                                          53




Article 35: O
             FFICIAL TRAINING SESSIONS, STADIUM
            FAMILIARISATION SESSIONS AND
            PRE‑MATCH WARM‑UPS

35.1 In order to preserve the quality of the pitch for the matches, no official
     training sessions will be allowed on the stadium pitches before any match.
     In principle, all Participating Member Associations’ official training sessions
     will be conducted at the Team Base Camp Training Sites and/or, if applicable,
     Venue‑Specific Training Sites assigned by FIFA (exemptions to this rule may
     be granted if pitch conditions allow).

35.2 Teams that are due to play a match in a stadium in which they have not
     previously played will be entitled to a familiarisation session in that stadium on
     either the day before the match or two days before the match. The players and
     team officials will be permitted to walk around the field of play (to inspect the
     pitch only and wearing training shoes) and stadium to familiarise themselves
     with the set‑up.

35.3 Official training session and stadium familiarisation session times will be
     established and communicated by FIFA.

35.4 The teams will be entitled to warm up on the pitch before each match, weather
     and pitch conditions permitting. In principle, such warm‑up will be 30 minutes
     long and will take place from 50 minutes prior to kick‑off until 20 minutes prior
     to kick‑off. If the pitch is not in good condition or if warm‑up sessions would
     negatively affect the state of the pitch for the match, or if the pitch is to be
     used for ceremonies related to the FIFA World Cup 26, FIFA may shorten or
     cancel the warm‑up session timings and/or specify restricted areas of use.
                                                                                                Match organisation




                                                                                               VIII .
         IX.

Refereeing
                                                                                               55




Article 36: LAWS OF THE GAME

36.1 All matches shall be played in accordance with the Laws of the Game in force
     at the time of the FIFA World Cup 26 and as laid down by The International
     Football Association Board (“The IFAB”). In the case of any discrepancy in the
     interpretation of the translations of the Laws of the Game, the English version
     shall be authoritative.

36.2 During the match, each team:

     a) may use a maximum of five substitutes;

     b) has a maximum of three substitution opportunities. Where both teams
        make a substitution at the same time, this will count as a used substitution
        opportunity for each team; and:

      c) may make substitutions at half‑time, which will not count as a substitution
         opportunity.

36.3 In accordance with Law 3 of the Laws of the Game, teams may make one
     additional permanent concussion substitution per match. The additional
     permanent concussion substitution may be made regardless of the number of
     substitutions already made. The opposing team will then receive an additional
     regular substitution.

36.4 Where extra time is played:

     If a team has not used the maximum number of substitutes and/or substitution
     opportunities, any unused substitutes and substitution opportunities may be
     used. In addition, each team:

     a) may use an additional substitute (whether or not the team has used its
        maximum number of substitutes);

      b) has one additional substitution opportunity (whether or not the team has
         used its maximum number of substitution opportunities). Where both teams
         make a substitution at the same time, this will count as a used substitution
         opportunity for each team; and

      c) may make substitutions:
                                                                                                    Refereeing




         i. in the period before the start of extra time, which will not count as a
            substitution opportunity; and

         ii. at half‑time in extra time, which will not count as a substitution opportunity.
                                                                                                    IX .
56




     36.5 Players are entitled to a 15‑minute interval at half‑time; a short drinks break
          (which should not exceed one minute) is permitted at the interval of half‑time in
          extra time. If a match goes into extra time, a break not exceeding five minutes
          is permitted before the first period of extra time begins.

     36.6 Extreme weather conditions may warrant cooling breaks to be implemented
          during the course of a match in accordance with the protocols established by
          the FIFA Medical Committee and/or documented in the FIFA Football Emergency
          Medicine Manual. Such breaks will be considered on a match‑by‑match basis.
          Responsibility for implementing and controlling cooling breaks resides with
          the referee.

     36.7 Goal‑line technology may be used for the purpose of verifying whether a goal
          has been scored to support the referee’s decision. The participating teams
          shall consent, without reservation, to the use of said technology in the FIFA
          World Cup 26, and unconditionally and irrevocably waive any and all rights
          and interests they may have in connection with or as a result of the use of
          goal‑line technology in matches of the FIFA World Cup 26.

     36.8 Video assistant referee (VAR) systems and other forms of technology for
          reviewing match‑changing decisions/incidents (e.g. semi‑automated offside
          technology) may be used for reviewing match‑changing decisions/incidents
          as per the protocol established by The IFAB.

     36.9 Each match shall last 90 minutes, comprising two periods of 45 minutes.


     Article 37: REFEREES

     37.1 The referees, assistant referees, fourth officials and video match officials (VMOs)
          (if appointed) (hereinafter referred to collectively as “match officials”) for the
          FIFA World Cup 26 shall be appointed for each match by the FIFA Referees
          Committee. They shall be selected from the FIFA International Refereeing List
          in force and come from a member association that is not represented by a
          team playing in the match in question. A reserve assistant referee shall also
          be appointed for each match of the final competition. The decisions of the
          FIFA Referees Committee are final and not subject to appeal.

     37.2 If the referee or an assistant referee is prevented from carrying out their duties,
          such referee or assistant referee shall be replaced by the fourth official and
          the reserve assistant referee, respectively. The FIFA Referees Committee will
          determine who replaces a fourth official or a reserve assistant referee who
          is prevented from carrying out their duties, or who replaces another match
          official. In exceptional circumstances, the FIFA Referees Committee may
          decide to proceed with either a fourth official or a reserve assistant referee
                                                                                      57




     from the host association, or to play the match without a fourth official or a
     reserve assistant referee.

37.3 Immediately, after each match, the referee shall complete the official match
     report online form whilst still at the stadium. On the form, the referee shall
     note all occurrences of significance, such as misconduct of players leading to
     caution or expulsion, unsporting behaviour by supporters and/or by officials
     or any other person acting on behalf of a Participating Member Association
     at the match and any other incident happening before, during and after the
     match in as much detail as possible.




                                                                                           Refereeing




                                                                                           IX .
             X.

Financial
provisions
                                                                                            59




Article 38: COSTS BORNE BY FIFA

FIFA shall bear the following:

      a) a contribution towards the preparation costs incurred by the Participating
         Member Associations in accordance with a set tariff to be fixed in due course
         by FIFA.
      b) a contribution towards the costs of international business‑class return flights
         for up to 50 Delegation Members from each Participating Member Association
         between a city to be designated by FIFA and the city of the official Team Base
         Camp in one of the host countries (unless otherwise authorised by FIFA).
         To receive the contribution, Participating Member Associations are required
         to submit a cost estimate for the international air fare (business class)
         of their delegation of 50 people to FIFA. FIFA Travel Operations will then
         examine the Participating Member Association’s estimate and confirm
         the amount to be paid by FIFA. The amount to be refunded can only be
         approved once the Participating Member Association has sent copies of the
         original e‑tickets as well as the original invoice issued by the travel agency.
      c) a contribution towards the costs of board and lodging for up to 50 people
         from each Participating Member Association in accordance with a set tariff
         to be fixed in due course, starting five nights prior to each team’s first match
         and up to one night following the date of the team’s last match (elimination).
         Additional details will be communicated in the Team Accommodation and
         Movement Policy;
      d) the rental cost of official training sites (Team Base Camp Training Site and
         Venue‑Specific Training Site) in accordance with the official use period to be
         determined in the Team Movement and Accommodation Policy and within
         the pre‑defined package;
      e) prize money for the Participating Member Associations, the amounts of which
         shall be determined by FIFA;
      f) the costs incurred by match officials, referee assessors and FIFA Match
         Commissioners and other members of the FIFA delegation;
      g) doping control expenses;
                                                                                                 Financial provisions




      h) the costs of insurance taken out by FIFA to cover its own risks;
      i) the costs of domestic ground and/or air transport services for up to
         50 Delegation Members, including their equipment (up to a maximum weight
         to be communicated by FIFA), from each Participating Member Association; and
      j) the costs of a dedicated fleet of vehicles, including an equipment truck,
         which will be provided for the exclusive use of each participating team during          X.
         a period starting five days prior to each team’s first match and up to two days
         following the date of its last match (elimination).
60




     Article 39: COSTS BORNE BY THE PARTICIPATING
                  MEMBER ASSOCIATIONS

     39.1 Each Participating Member Association shall be responsible for and bear the
          costs of:

           a) adequate insurance to cover its Delegation Members and any other persons
              carrying out duties on its behalf against all risks, including but not limited
              to injury, accident, disease and travel in consideration of the applicable FIFA
              rules or regulations (cf. in particular Annexe 1, art. 2 par. 3 of the Regulations
              on the Status and Transfer of Players);

           b) board and lodging during the FIFA World Cup 26 in excess of the contribution
              paid by FIFA specified above;

           c) all incidental hotel costs;

           d) any other costs associated with additional members in excess of the
              50 Delegation Members;

           e) costs of any additional transportation not covered by FIFA;

           f) cost of any additional services and infrastructure at official training sites in
              excess of the pre‑defined package; and

           g) costs of any service or equipment ordered via a rate card.

     39.2 Any expenses other than those stipulated in these Regulations and corresponding
          documents (circular letters, Team Handbook, etc.) and explicitly outlined to be
          borne by FIFA shall be borne by the relevant Participating Member Association.

     39.3 The financial terms and conditions for Participating Member Associations will
          be regulated in a circular letter.
                                                                                        61




Article 40: TICKETING

40.1 Each Participating Member Association is entitled to receive a number of
     complimentary tickets and access to an allocation of purchasable tickets for
     the final competition. The total number of complimentary tickets for each
     Participating Member Association will be communicated by FIFA prior to the
     first match of the final competition by means of a circular letter or by the
     Ticket Allocation Agreement.

40.2 FIFA is responsible for the entire ticketing operation of the final competition.
     FIFA will issue ticketing documents to each of the Participating Member
     Associations. All Participating Member Associations shall comply with these
     ticketing documents and ensure that their members, Delegation Members
     and other affiliates also comply with such documents.

40.3 FIFA may, at a later date, issue a Ticket Allocation Agreement for the final
     competition to each of the Participating Member Associations. All Participating
     Member Associations must sign and comply with this Ticket Allocation
     Agreement (should one be issued) prior to being granted access to tickets
     and ensure that their Delegation Members and other affiliates also comply
     with this agreement.




                                                                                             Financial provisions




                                                                                             X.
          XI.

Medical
                                                                                         63




Article 41: TEAM MEDICAL DOCTOR

41.1 Each Participating Member Association shall include at least one team medical
     doctor (two are recommended) in its delegation, to be present in the technical
     area during all matches. It is a mandatory requirement that the team medical
     doctor(s) of each Participating Member Association complete and successfully
     pass(es) the “Concussion” and “Sudden Cardiac Arrest” modules of the FIFA
     Diploma in Football Medicine (www.fifamedicalnetwork.com) before the
     FIFA World Cup 26.

41.2 The team medical doctor is responsible for the overall health of their team
     delegation and any clinical decision‑making in this regard, both on and off
     the field of play. Although the team doctors’ primary responsibility is to the
     players, their medical responsibility extends to all other members of the
     delegation. As such, all team doctors shall ensure that they have the appropriate
     registration and licence in their home country.


Article 42: SUDDEN CARDIAC ARREST AND
             CONCUSSION

42.1 Each Participating Member Association shall ensure and confirm to FIFA that
     its players have undergone a cardiac screening, including personal and family
     history, clinical examination and resting 12‑lead ECG, within the last 12 months
     and an echocardiography within the last 24 months prior to the start of the
     final competition of the FIFA World Cup 26. If specifically performed for the
     tournament, FIFA recommends that participating teams use the screening
     form developed by FIFA cardiology consultants.

42.2 A non‑contact collapse of a player on the field of play should be treated as a
     sudden cardiac arrest until proven otherwise. The medical team of the team
     and the field‑of‑play medical team may enter the pitch immediately and
     commence resuscitation, without waiting for a signal from the referee. One
     member of the field‑of‑play medical team notifies the fourth official of the
     collapse and need for cardiopulmonary resuscitation.

42.3 A player who experiences a suspected concussion during a match must undergo
     an examination by the team medical doctor in accordance with the FIFA Medical
     Concussion Protocol. The referee may temporarily suspend play for three
                                                                                              Medical




     minutes whenever an incident of suspected concussion occurs. The referee
     may only allow the player to continue playing with the authorisation of the
     team medical doctor, who shall have evaluated the player and excluded any                XI .
     suspicion of a concussive injury. The team medical doctor will have the final
64




           decision based on a clinical examination. Under no circumstances should a
           player with a suspected concussion return to play.

     42.4 FIFA recommends that medical teams follow the graduated return‑to‑play
          protocol set forth in the FIFA Concussion Protocol for Medical Staff for any
          player who has suffered a concussion. The protocol recognises that the time
          frame for return to play may vary, dependent on factors such as the player’s
          age, gender, their symptoms and medical history, and that doctors must use
          their clinical judgement in making decisions with respect to return to play.
          The player’s welfare must be their sole concern. FIFA requires that before any
          player who suffers a concussive episode can return to play, the team medical
          doctor certify that (a) such player has passed each of the steps set out in the
          FIFA Concussion Protocol for Medical Staff, (b) such player is fit for competition
          and (c) the team medical doctor has discussed the management of the case with
          the FIFA Match Doctor where indicated (subject to consent from the player).


     Article 43: DOPING CONTROL

     43.1 Doping is strictly prohibited. The FIFA Anti‑Doping Regulations, the FIFA
          Disciplinary Code and all other relevant FIFA regulations, circular letters and
          directives shall apply to the FIFA World Cup 26.

     43.2 Players may be subject to in‑competition testing at the matches in which
          they compete and to out‑of‑competition testing at any time and in any place.
       XII.

Commercial
rights
66




     Article 44: MEDIA AND MARKETING REGULATIONS

     44.1 FIFA is the original owner of all of the rights emanating from the FIFA World
          Cup 26 and any other related events under its respective jurisdiction, without
          any restrictions as to content, time, place and law and shall be entitled to exploit
          the same without limitation. These rights include, among others, every kind
          of financial rights, audiovisual and radio recording rights, reproduction and
          broadcasting rights, multimedia rights, marketing and promotional rights and
          incorporeal rights, such as emblems and rights arising under copyright law,
          whether currently existing or created in the future, subject to any provision
          as set forth in specific regulations.

     44.2 Each Participating Member Association is required to support and ensure that
          all its Delegation Members support the commercial programme established
          by FIFA to exploit commercial rights to the FIFA World Cup 26, including the
          special marketing programmes run by FIFA and its Commercial Affiliates
          (including ball kids, player escorts, match‑ball carriers, flag bearers, player of
          the match awards and stadium tours, etc.). In this regard, each Participating
          Member Association shall not, and shall ensure that all its Delegation Members
          do not, use or otherwise exploit, directly or indirectly, any commercial rights
          to the FIFA World Cup 26 without FIFA’s express prior agreement, which may
          be granted or withheld at its sole discretion.

     44.3 FIFA will issue the FIFA Media and Marketing Regulations, which govern the
          ownership and exploitation of commercial rights relating to the FIFA World
          Cup 26. All Participating Member Associations shall, and shall ensure that all
          of its Delegation Members shall, comply with the FIFA Media and Marketing
          Regulations at all times. To the extent that these Regulations are inconsistent
          with any aspect of the FIFA Media and Marketing Regulations, the FIFA Media
          and Marketing Regulations shall take precedence.

     44.4 Media matters and obligations for the FIFA World Cup 26 will be outlined in
          the FIFA Media and Marketing Regulations and corresponding documents
          (circular letters, Team Handbook, Media Guidelines, etc.) relating to TV and
          media activities. Participating Member Associations and their Delegation
          Members shall comply with the stipulations contained within these documents
          with respect to media matters.
         XIII.

Awards
68




     Article 45: TROPHY, AWARDS AND MEDALS

     45.1 The winner of the FIFA World Cup 26 will be presented with the FIFA World Cup
          Trophy (“Trophy”), which remains the property of FIFA. The winning team will be
          provided with the Trophy during an on‑pitch ceremony immediately following
          the final whistle and will return it to FIFA in its dressing room immediately
          after the ceremonies of the final match and prior to its departure from the
          stadium. At this time, the winning team shall be provided with the FIFA World
          Cup Winner’s Trophy (“Winner’s Trophy”).

     45.2 FIFA is responsible for engraving the Trophy with the name of the winning team.

     45.3 The winning Participating Member Association shall take all reasonable steps, at
          its own expense, to ensure the security and safety of the Trophy and Winner’s
          Trophy while they are in its possession.

     45.4 The Winner’s Trophy may remain in the temporary custody of the winning
          Participating Member Association but remains at all times the property of FIFA
          and must be returned immediately to FIFA if so requested by FIFA in writing.

     45.5 FIFA will issue, at a later date, Trophy Regulations. The winning Participating
          Member Association shall ensure its full compliance with these Trophy
          Regulations.

     45.6 A souvenir plaque will be presented to each Participating Member Association.

     45.7 A diploma will be presented to the teams ranked first, second and third in
          the final competition.

     45.8 Medals will be presented to each of the top three teams in the final competition,
          i.e. gold medals to the winners, silver medals to the runners‑up and bronze
          medals to the team ranked third.

     45.9 One medal will be presented to each of the match officials who officiate at the
          play‑off for third place and the final.

     45.10 A fair play contest will be held during the final competition, for which FIFA has
           drawn up special regulations (cf. Annexe B). The FIFA Technical Study Group
           shall determine the ranking at the end of the final competition.
                                                                                         69




45.11 At the conclusion of the FIFA World Cup 26, the following special awards will
      be presented:

     a) FIFA Fair Play Award presented by McDonald’s

        The FIFA Fair Play Award presented by McDonald’s is a prize presented
        to the Participating Member Association finishing first in the fair play
        contest. FIFA will, on behalf of and in alignment with McDonald’s, deliver
        a football‑related social development (CSR) campaign in the territory of
        the winning association. The budget for this CSR campaign shall be up to
        USD 50,000 (fifty thousand US dollars). The applicable regulations of the
        fair play contest are detailed within Annexe B.

     b) adidas Golden, Silver and Bronze Boots

        The adidas Golden Boot will be awarded to the player who scores the
        most goals in the final competition. If two or more players score the same
        number of goals, the number of assists (as determined by the members
        of the FIFA Technical Study Group) shall be decisive. If two or more players
        are still equal after taking into account the number of assists, the total
        minutes played in the final competition will be taken into account, with the
        player playing fewer minutes ranked first. The adidas Silver Boot and the
        adidas Bronze Boot will also be awarded to the second and third‑highest
        goal scorers, respectively.

     c) adidas Golden, Silver and Bronze Balls

        The adidas Golden Ball will be awarded to the best player of the final
        competition. The adidas Silver Ball and the adidas Bronze Ball will be awarded
        to the second‑ and third‑best players, respectively. Further details will be
        given to the teams by means of the Team Handbook.

     d) adidas Golden Glove

        The adidas Golden Glove will be awarded to the best goalkeeper in the final
        competition, as selected by the FIFA Technical Study Group.

     e) FIFA Young Player Award presented by Aramco

        The FIFA Young Player Award presented by Aramco will be presented to the
        best young player (born on or after 1 January 2005) in the final competition,
        as selected by the FIFA Technical Study Group.
                                                                                               Awards




45.12 There are no official awards other than those listed above, unless otherwise
      decided by FIFA.                                                                        XIII .
     XIV.

Closing
provisions
                                                                                          71




Article 46: SPECIAL CIRCUMSTANCES

FIFA is responsible for the operational management of the FIFA World Cup 26 and
is therefore entitled to issue any instructions necessitated by special circumstances
that may arise in the host countries. These instructions shall form an integral part
of these Regulations.


Article 47: MATTERS NOT PROVIDED FOR

Any matters not provided for in these Regulations and any cases of force majeure shall
be decided by FIFA. All decisions shall be final and binding and not subject to appeal.


Article 48: LANGUAGES

In the case of any discrepancy in the interpretation of the English, French or Spanish
texts of these Regulations, or any other language versions thereof, the English text
shall be authoritative.


Article 49: COPYRIGHT

The copyright of these Regulations and the match schedule drawn up in accordance
with the provisions of these Regulations is the property of FIFA.


Article 50: NO WAIVER

Any waiver by FIFA of any breach of these Regulations (including of any document
referred to in these Regulations) will not operate as, or be construed to be, a waiver
of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision or a
waiver of any right arising out of these Regulations or any other document. Any such
waiver shall only be valid if given in writing. Failure by FIFA to insist upon strict
adherence to any provision of these Regulations, or any document referred to in
these Regulations, on one or more occasions will not be considered to be a waiver
of, or deprive FIFA of the right to subsequently insist upon, strict adherence to that
                                                                                               Closing provisions




provision or any other provision of these Regulations, or any document referred
to in these Regulations.


Article 51: AMENDMENTS

FIFA may amend these Regulations through operation of the FIFA Council at any                  XIV.
time and at its own discretion and shall publish any such amendment in accordance
with the FIFA Council procedure.
72




     Article 52: ENFORCEMENT

     These Regulations were approved by the Bureau of the Council on 8 May 2026 and
     came into force immediately.

     The previous version of these Regulations shall apply mutatis mutandis to any matters
     that arose before these Regulations came into force.




     Zurich, 8 May 2026




     For FIFA




     President                            Secretary General

     Gianni Infantino                     Mattias Grafström
Annexes
74




     ANNEXE
     APPROVED FIFA
     EVENT NAMES
                                                        A.
     FIFA World Cup 2026™

     FIFA World Cup 26™



     FIFA World Cup 26™‑related terms:

     FIFA World Cup 26™ Play‑Off Tournament

     Final Draw for the FIFA World Cup 26™

     Team Workshop for the FIFA World Cup 26™

     FIFA World Cup 26™ Host City

     FIFA World Cup Trophy*

     * The original solid‑gold FIFA World Cup Trophy, which is only displayed during
     certain official FIFA ceremonies and is presented to the winning team during the
     finals award ceremony.

     FIFA World Cup Winner’s Trophy*

     * The trophy which will be given to the winners of the FIFA World Cup 26 as a
     permanent reminder of their outstanding achievement, in exchange for the return
     of the original solid‑gold FIFA World Cup Trophy.

     We are 26™*

     *Official Slogan for the FIFA World Cup 26™
                                                                                          75




ANNEXE
FAIR PLAY
CONTEST
REGULATIONS
                                                         B.
I. GENERAL

1   As part of its campaign to promote fair play, FIFA regularly holds a fair play
    contest during its championships, based on an appraisal of the teams’ conduct
    by a FIFA delegate such as the FIFA Match Commissioner, a member of the
    Technical Study Group or a member of a standing committee.

2   The objective of fair play activities is to foster a sporting spirit among players,
    team officials and spectators, thereby heightening the fans’ enjoyment of
    the game.

3   At the final whistle of each game, the delegate shall complete the appropriate
    fair play form after consulting the referee and the referee assessor.

4   Every match in the final competition shall be taken into account.

5   FIFA shall compile and publish the classification at the end of the final
    competition. Its decision is final.

6   As a prize awarded to the Participating Member Association that wins the
    FIFA Fair Play Award presented by McDonald’s, FIFA will, on behalf of and in
    alignment with McDonald’s, deliver a football‑related social development
    (CSR) campaign in the territory of the winning association. The budget for
    this CSR campaign shall be up to USD 50,000 (fifty thousand US dollars).
                                                                                               Annexes




    Both McDonald’s and the member association will be consulted on the
    campaign; however, FIFA reserves the right to determine the nature of the
    campaign, the dates on which it will take place and the exact location where
    it will be delivered.
76




     II. ASSESSMENT CRITERIA

     1   The assessment form contains six criteria by which the teams’ fair play
         performance shall be judged, stressing the positive aspects rather than
         negative. As a general rule, maximum points shall only be awarded if the team
         concerned displays a positive attitude.

     2   Red and yellow cards shall be deducted from a maximum of 10 points:

            -   first yellow card:			                 minus 1 point

            -   second yellow/indirect red card:      minus 3 points

            -   direct red card:			                   minus 4 points

            -   yellow card & direct red card:        minus 5 points

         Red and yellow cards are the only criteria entailing minus points.

     3   Positive play

            Minimum 1 point
            Maximum 10 points

         The aim of this criterion is to reward attacking and attractive play, and shall
         take into account such aspects as:

         a) Positive aspects

            -   attacking rather than defensive tactics;.

            -   speeding up the game;.

            -   constantly attempting to score even if the desired result (e.g. qualification)
                has already been achieved.

         b) Negative aspects.

            -   tactics that rely on rough play;

            -   play‑acting;

            -   time‑wasting etc.

         c) As a general rule, positive play is correlated with the number of scoring chances
            created and the number of goals scored.
                                                                                        77




4   Respect towards the opponent

       Minimum 1 point
       Maximum 5 points

    Players are expected to respect the Laws of the Game, the competition
    regulations and opponents, etc.

    When assessing the players’ behaviour towards the opponents, duplication of
    the judgment for red and yellow cards should be avoided. However, the delegate
    may take into account the seriousness of the offences punished by cards as
    well as those overlooked by the referee.

    Assessment shall be based on positive attitudes (e.g. helping an injured
    opponent) rather than on infringements. Behaviour that is basically faultless
    but does not outwardly show any particularly positive attitude or gesture
    towards opponents shall be given a mark of 4 rather than 5.

5   Respect towards the referee/match officials

       Minimum 1 point
       Maximum 5 points

    Players are expected to respect the match officials and the decisions they take.

    A positive attitude towards the referee, including acceptance of decisions
    without protest, shall be rewarded. Behaviour that is basically faultless but
    does not outwardly show any particularly positive attitude or gesture towards
    the match officials shall be given a mark of 4 rather than 5.

6   Behaviour of the team officials

       Minimum 1 point
       Maximum 5 points

    Coaches and other team officials are expected to encourage the sporting,
    technical, tactical and ethical standards of their team and to direct the players
    to behave in accordance with the principles of fair play.
                                                                                             Annexes




    Both positive and negative factors in the behaviour of the team officials shall
    be included in the assessment, such as for instance whether they calm down
    angry players or how they accept the referee’s decisions. Inciting or provoking
    players shall be rated negatively.
78




         Cooperation with the media shall also be a factor in the assessment. Behaviour
         that is faultless but does not outwardly show any particularly positive attitude
         or gesture shall be given a mark of 4 rather than 5.

     7   Behaviour of the crowd

            Minimum 1 point
            Maximum 5 points

         The crowd is considered to be an integral part of a football match. Fans can
         contribute to the positive atmosphere of a match by encouraging their team
         by cheering and singing, etc. in the spirit of fair play.

         Spectators are, however, expected to respect the opponents and the referee.
         They should appreciate the opponents’ performance regardless of the result
         and in no way intimidate or frighten opponents, the referee or the opponents’
         supporters.

         The maximum number of points (5) may only be awarded if all these requirements
         have been satisfied, especially as regards creating a positive atmosphere.

         This criterion is applicable only if a substantial number of fans of the team
         concerned are present. If the number of fans is negligible, “n.a.” (not applicable)
         shall be entered under this item
                                                                                            79




III. FINAL ASSESSMENT

1   The final assessment of a team is obtained as follows:

    a) the points awarded are added together, e.g. for team A: 8 + 7 + 3 + 4 + 5 + 4 = 31

    b) this total is divided by the maximum number of points possible (40):
       31 ÷ 40 = 0.775

    c) this figure is multiplied by 1,000: 0.775 x 1,000 = 775

    If, however, the number of fans supporting a certain team is negligible and
    the “behaviour of the crowd” criterion consequently disregarded (“n.a.” – cf.
    art. II par. 7 of the fair play contest regulations), the maximum number of
    points obtainable will be 35.

    Thus the final assessment would be attained as follows:

    a) the points awarded are added together, e.g. for team B: 7 + 8 + 2 + 5 + 2 = 24

    b) this total is divided by the maximum number of points possible (35):
       24 ÷ 35 = 0.686

    c) this figure is multiplied by 1,000: 0.686 x 1,000 = 686

    The overall assessment of a team during the final competition shall be calculated
    by adding the points attained at each match and dividing this figure by the
    number of matches played.

2   Teams that are eliminated after the group stage of the final competition shall
    be excluded from the fair play contest.

    In addition to making the assessment, members of FIFA may give a short oral
    account of the teams’ fair play performance to explain the positive and negative
    factors, which form the basis of their assessment. The account may also point
    out any outstanding gestures of fair play from a player, official, referee or any
    other person. However, no additional points shall be awarded for this reason.
                                                                                                 Annexes
80




     ANNEXE
     COMBINATIONS
     FOR EIGHT BEST
     THIRD‑PLACED TEAMS
                                       C.
     Option   1A   1B   1D   1E   1G   1I   1K   1L

       1      3E   3J   3I   3F   3H   3G   3L   3K

       2      3H   3G   3I   3D   3J   3F   3L   3K

       3      3E   3J   3I   3D   3H   3G   3L   3K

       4      3E   3J   3I   3D   3H   3F   3L   3K

       5      3E   3G   3I   3D   3J   3F   3L   3K

       6      3E   3G   3J   3D   3H   3F   3L   3K

       7      3E   3G   3I   3D   3H   3F   3L   3K

       8      3E   3G   3J   3D   3H   3F   3L   3I

       9      3E   3G   3J   3D   3H   3F   3I   3K

       10     3H   3G   3I   3C   3J   3F   3L   3K

       11     3E   3J   3I   3C   3H   3G   3L   3K

       12     3E   3J   3I   3C   3H   3F   3L   3K

       13     3E   3G   3I   3C   3J   3F   3L   3K

       14     3E   3G   3J   3C   3H   3F   3L   3K

       15     3E   3G   3I   3C   3H   3F   3L   3K

       16     3E   3G   3J   3C   3H   3F   3L   3I

       17     3E   3G   3J   3C   3H   3F   3I   3K

       18     3H   3G   3I   3C   3J   3D   3L   3K
                                             81




19   3C   3J   3I   3D   3H   3F   3L   3K

20   3C   3G   3I   3D   3J   3F   3L   3K

21   3C   3G   3J   3D   3H   3F   3L   3K

22   3C   3G   3I   3D   3H   3F   3L   3K

23   3C   3G   3J   3D   3H   3F   3L   3I

24   3C   3G   3J   3D   3H   3F   3I   3K

25   3E   3J   3I   3C   3H   3D   3L   3K

26   3E   3G   3I   3C   3J   3D   3L   3K

27   3E   3G   3J   3C   3H   3D   3L   3K

28   3E   3G   3I   3C   3H   3D   3L   3K

29   3E   3G   3J   3C   3H   3D   3L   3I

30   3E   3G   3J   3C   3H   3D   3I   3K

31   3C   3J   3E   3D   3I   3F   3L   3K

32   3C   3J   3E   3D   3H   3F   3L   3K

33   3C   3E   3I   3D   3H   3F   3L   3K

34   3C   3J   3E   3D   3H   3F   3L   3I

35   3C   3J   3E   3D   3H   3F   3I   3K

36   3C   3G   3E   3D   3J   3F   3L   3K

37   3C   3G   3E   3D   3I   3F   3L   3K

38   3C   3G   3E   3D   3J   3F   3L   3I

39   3C   3G   3E   3D   3J   3F   3I   3K

40   3C   3G   3E   3D   3H   3F   3L   3K

41   3C   3G   3J   3D   3H   3F   3L   3E

42   3C   3G   3J   3D   3H   3F   3E   3K

43   3C   3G   3E   3D   3H   3F   3L   3I

44   3C   3G   3E   3D   3H   3F   3I   3K
                                                  Annexes




45   3C   3G   3J   3D   3H   3F   3E   3I

46   3H   3J   3B   3F   3I   3G   3L   3K

47   3E   3J   3I   3B   3H   3G   3L   3K
82




     48   3E   3J   3B   3F   3I   3H   3L   3K

     49   3E   3J   3B   3F   3I   3G   3L   3K

     50   3E   3J   3B   3F   3H   3G   3L   3K

     51   3E   3G   3B   3F   3I   3H   3L   3K

     52   3E   3J   3B   3F   3H   3G   3L   3I

     53   3E   3J   3B   3F   3H   3G   3I   3K

     54   3H   3J   3B   3D   3I   3G   3L   3K

     55   3H   3J   3B   3D   3I   3F   3L   3K

     56   3I   3G   3B   3D   3J   3F   3L   3K

     57   3H   3G   3B   3D   3J   3F   3L   3K

     58   3H   3G   3B   3D   3I   3F   3L   3K

     59   3H   3G   3B   3D   3J   3F   3L   3I

     60   3H   3G   3B   3D   3J   3F   3I   3K

     61   3E   3J   3B   3D   3I   3H   3L   3K

     62   3E   3J   3B   3D   3I   3G   3L   3K

     63   3E   3J   3B   3D   3H   3G   3L   3K

     64   3E   3G   3B   3D   3I   3H   3L   3K

     65   3E   3J   3B   3D   3H   3G   3L   3I

     66   3E   3J   3B   3D   3H   3G   3I   3K

     67   3E   3J   3B   3D   3I   3F   3L   3K

     68   3E   3J   3B   3D   3H   3F   3L   3K

     69   3E   3I   3B   3D   3H   3F   3L   3K

     70   3E   3J   3B   3D   3H   3F   3L   3I

     71   3E   3J   3B   3D   3H   3F   3I   3K

     72   3E   3G   3B   3D   3J   3F   3L   3K

     73   3E   3G   3B   3D   3I   3F   3L   3K

     74   3E   3G   3B   3D   3J   3F   3L   3I

     75   3E   3G   3B   3D   3J   3F   3I   3K

     76   3E   3G   3B   3D   3H   3F   3L   3K
                                              83




77    3H   3G   3B   3D   3J   3F   3L   3E

78    3H   3G   3B   3D   3J   3F   3E   3K

79    3E   3G   3B   3D   3H   3F   3L   3I

80    3E   3G   3B   3D   3H   3F   3I   3K

81    3H   3G   3B   3D   3J   3F   3E   3I

82    3H   3J   3B   3C   3I   3G   3L   3K

83    3H   3J   3B   3C   3I   3F   3L   3K

84    3I   3G   3B   3C   3J   3F   3L   3K

85    3H   3G   3B   3C   3J   3F   3L   3K

86    3H   3G   3B   3C   3I   3F   3L   3K

87    3H   3G   3B   3C   3J   3F   3L   3I

88    3H   3G   3B   3C   3J   3F   3I   3K

89    3E   3J   3B   3C   3I   3H   3L   3K

90    3E   3J   3B   3C   3I   3G   3L   3K

91    3E   3J   3B   3C   3H   3G   3L   3K

92    3E   3G   3B   3C   3I   3H   3L   3K

93    3E   3J   3B   3C   3H   3G   3L   3I

94    3E   3J   3B   3C   3H   3G   3I   3K

95    3E   3J   3B   3C   3I   3F   3L   3K

96    3E   3J   3B   3C   3H   3F   3L   3K

97    3E   3I   3B   3C   3H   3F   3L   3K

98    3E   3J   3B   3C   3H   3F   3L   3I

99    3E   3J   3B   3C   3H   3F   3I   3K

100   3E   3G   3B   3C   3J   3F   3L   3K

101   3E   3G   3B   3C   3I   3F   3L   3K

102   3E   3G   3B   3C   3J   3F   3L   3I
                                                   Annexes




103   3E   3G   3B   3C   3J   3F   3I   3K

104   3E   3G   3B   3C   3H   3F   3L   3K

105   3H   3G   3B   3C   3J   3F   3L   3E
84




     106   3H   3G   3B   3C   3J   3F   3E   3K

     107   3E   3G   3B   3C   3H   3F   3L   3I

     108   3E   3G   3B   3C   3H   3F   3I   3K

     109   3H   3G   3B   3C   3J   3F   3E   3I

     110   3H   3J   3B   3C   3I   3D   3L   3K

     111   3I   3G   3B   3C   3J   3D   3L   3K

     112   3H   3G   3B   3C   3J   3D   3L   3K

     113   3H   3G   3B   3C   3I   3D   3L   3K

     114   3H   3G   3B   3C   3J   3D   3L   3I

     115   3H   3G   3B   3C   3J   3D   3I   3K

     116   3C   3J   3B   3D   3I   3F   3L   3K

     117   3C   3J   3B   3D   3H   3F   3L   3K

     118   3C   3I   3B   3D   3H   3F   3L   3K

     119   3C   3J   3B   3D   3H   3F   3L   3I

     120   3C   3J   3B   3D   3H   3F   3I   3K

     121   3C   3G   3B   3D   3J   3F   3L   3K

     122   3C   3G   3B   3D   3I   3F   3L   3K

     123   3C   3G   3B   3D   3J   3F   3L   3I

     124   3C   3G   3B   3D   3J   3F   3I   3K

     125   3C   3G   3B   3D   3H   3F   3L   3K

     126   3C   3G   3B   3D   3H   3F   3L   3J

     127   3H   3G   3B   3C   3J   3F   3D   3K

     128   3C   3G   3B   3D   3H   3F   3L   3I

     129   3C   3G   3B   3D   3H   3F   3I   3K

     130   3H   3G   3B   3C   3J   3F   3D   3I

     131   3E   3J   3B   3C   3I   3D   3L   3K

     132   3E   3J   3B   3C   3H   3D   3L   3K

     133   3E   3I   3B   3C   3H   3D   3L   3K

     134   3E   3J   3B   3C   3H   3D   3L   3I
                                              85




135   3E   3J   3B   3C   3H   3D   3I   3K

136   3E   3G   3B   3C   3J   3D   3L   3K

137   3E   3G   3B   3C   3I   3D   3L   3K

138   3E   3G   3B   3C   3J   3D   3L   3I

139   3E   3G   3B   3C   3J   3D   3I   3K

140   3E   3G   3B   3C   3H   3D   3L   3K

141   3H   3G   3B   3C   3J   3D   3L   3E

142   3H   3G   3B   3C   3J   3D   3E   3K

143   3E   3G   3B   3C   3H   3D   3L   3I

144   3E   3G   3B   3C   3H   3D   3I   3K

145   3H   3G   3B   3C   3J   3D   3E   3I

146   3C   3J   3B   3D   3E   3F   3L   3K

147   3C   3E   3B   3D   3I   3F   3L   3K

148   3C   3J   3B   3D   3E   3F   3L   3I

149   3C   3J   3B   3D   3E   3F   3I   3K

150   3C   3E   3B   3D   3H   3F   3L   3K

151   3C   3J   3B   3D   3H   3F   3L   3E

152   3C   3J   3B   3D   3H   3F   3E   3K

153   3C   3E   3B   3D   3H   3F   3L   3I

154   3C   3E   3B   3D   3H   3F   3I   3K

155   3C   3J   3B   3D   3H   3F   3E   3I

156   3C   3G   3B   3D   3E   3F   3L   3K

157   3C   3G   3B   3D   3J   3F   3L   3E

158   3C   3G   3B   3D   3J   3F   3E   3K

159   3C   3G   3B   3D   3E   3F   3L   3I

160   3C   3G   3B   3D   3E   3F   3I   3K
                                                   Annexes




161   3C   3G   3B   3D   3J   3F   3E   3I

162   3C   3G   3B   3D   3H   3F   3L   3E

163   3C   3G   3B   3D   3H   3F   3E   3K
86




     164   3H   3G   3B   3C   3J   3F   3D   3E

     165   3C   3G   3B   3D   3H   3F   3E   3I

     166   3H   3J   3I   3F   3A   3G   3L   3K

     167   3E   3J   3I   3A   3H   3G   3L   3K

     168   3E   3J   3I   3F   3A   3H   3L   3K

     169   3E   3J   3I   3F   3A   3G   3L   3K

     170   3E   3G   3J   3F   3A   3H   3L   3K

     171   3E   3G   3I   3F   3A   3H   3L   3K

     172   3E   3G   3J   3F   3A   3H   3L   3I

     173   3E   3G   3J   3F   3A   3H   3I   3K

     174   3H   3J   3I   3D   3A   3G   3L   3K

     175   3H   3J   3I   3D   3A   3F   3L   3K

     176   3I   3G   3J   3D   3A   3F   3L   3K

     177   3H   3G   3J   3D   3A   3F   3L   3K

     178   3H   3G   3I   3D   3A   3F   3L   3K

     179   3H   3G   3J   3D   3A   3F   3L   3I

     180   3H   3G   3J   3D   3A   3F   3I   3K

     181   3E   3J   3I   3D   3A   3H   3L   3K

     182   3E   3J   3I   3D   3A   3G   3L   3K

     183   3E   3G   3J   3D   3A   3H   3L   3K

     184   3E   3G   3I   3D   3A   3H   3L   3K

     185   3E   3G   3J   3D   3A   3H   3L   3I

     186   3E   3G   3J   3D   3A   3H   3I   3K

     187   3E   3J   3I   3D   3A   3F   3L   3K

     188   3H   3J   3E   3D   3A   3F   3L   3K

     189   3H   3E   3I   3D   3A   3F   3L   3K

     190   3H   3J   3E   3D   3A   3F   3L   3I

     191   3H   3J   3E   3D   3A   3F   3I   3K

     192   3E   3G   3J   3D   3A   3F   3L   3K
                                              87




193   3E   3G   3I   3D   3A   3F   3L   3K

194   3E   3G   3J   3D   3A   3F   3L   3I

195   3E   3G   3J   3D   3A   3F   3I   3K

196   3H   3G   3E   3D   3A   3F   3L   3K

197   3H   3G   3J   3D   3A   3F   3L   3E

198   3H   3G   3J   3D   3A   3F   3E   3K

199   3H   3G   3E   3D   3A   3F   3L   3I

200   3H   3G   3E   3D   3A   3F   3I   3K

201   3H   3G   3J   3D   3A   3F   3E   3I

202   3H   3J   3I   3C   3A   3G   3L   3K

203   3H   3J   3I   3C   3A   3F   3L   3K

204   3I   3G   3J   3C   3A   3F   3L   3K

205   3H   3G   3J   3C   3A   3F   3L   3K

206   3H   3G   3I   3C   3A   3F   3L   3K

207   3H   3G   3J   3C   3A   3F   3L   3I

208   3H   3G   3J   3C   3A   3F   3I   3K

209   3E   3J   3I   3C   3A   3H   3L   3K

210   3E   3J   3I   3C   3A   3G   3L   3K

211   3E   3G   3J   3C   3A   3H   3L   3K

212   3E   3G   3I   3C   3A   3H   3L   3K

213   3E   3G   3J   3C   3A   3H   3L   3I

214   3E   3G   3J   3C   3A   3H   3I   3K

215   3E   3J   3I   3C   3A   3F   3L   3K

216   3H   3J   3E   3C   3A   3F   3L   3K

217   3H   3E   3I   3C   3A   3F   3L   3K

218   3H   3J   3E   3C   3A   3F   3L   3I
                                                   Annexes




219   3H   3J   3E   3C   3A   3F   3I   3K

220   3E   3G   3J   3C   3A   3F   3L   3K

221   3E   3G   3I   3C   3A   3F   3L   3K
88




     222   3E   3G   3J   3C   3A   3F   3L   3I

     223   3E   3G   3J   3C   3A   3F   3I   3K

     224   3H   3G   3E   3C   3A   3F   3L   3K

     225   3H   3G   3J   3C   3A   3F   3L   3E

     226   3H   3G   3J   3C   3A   3F   3E   3K

     227   3H   3G   3E   3C   3A   3F   3L   3I

     228   3H   3G   3E   3C   3A   3F   3I   3K

     229   3H   3G   3J   3C   3A   3F   3E   3I

     230   3H   3J   3I   3C   3A   3D   3L   3K

     231   3I   3G   3J   3C   3A   3D   3L   3K

     232   3H   3G   3J   3C   3A   3D   3L   3K

     233   3H   3G   3I   3C   3A   3D   3L   3K

     234   3H   3G   3J   3C   3A   3D   3L   3I

     235   3H   3G   3J   3C   3A   3D   3I   3K

     236   3C   3J   3I   3D   3A   3F   3L   3K

     237   3H   3J   3F   3C   3A   3D   3L   3K

     238   3H   3F   3I   3C   3A   3D   3L   3K

     239   3H   3J   3F   3C   3A   3D   3L   3I

     240   3H   3J   3F   3C   3A   3D   3I   3K

     241   3C   3G   3J   3D   3A   3F   3L   3K

     242   3C   3G   3I   3D   3A   3F   3L   3K

     243   3C   3G   3J   3D   3A   3F   3L   3I

     244   3C   3G   3J   3D   3A   3F   3I   3K

     245   3H   3G   3F   3C   3A   3D   3L   3K

     246   3C   3G   3J   3D   3A   3F   3L   3H

     247   3H   3G   3J   3C   3A   3F   3D   3K

     248   3H   3G   3F   3C   3A   3D   3L   3I

     249   3H   3G   3F   3C   3A   3D   3I   3K

     250   3H   3G   3J   3C   3A   3F   3D   3I
                                              89




251   3E   3J   3I   3C   3A   3D   3L   3K

252   3H   3J   3E   3C   3A   3D   3L   3K

253   3H   3E   3I   3C   3A   3D   3L   3K

254   3H   3J   3E   3C   3A   3D   3L   3I

255   3H   3J   3E   3C   3A   3D   3I   3K

256   3E   3G   3J   3C   3A   3D   3L   3K

257   3E   3G   3I   3C   3A   3D   3L   3K

258   3E   3G   3J   3C   3A   3D   3L   3I

259   3E   3G   3J   3C   3A   3D   3I   3K

260   3H   3G   3E   3C   3A   3D   3L   3K

261   3H   3G   3J   3C   3A   3D   3L   3E

262   3H   3G   3J   3C   3A   3D   3E   3K

263   3H   3G   3E   3C   3A   3D   3L   3I

264   3H   3G   3E   3C   3A   3D   3I   3K

265   3H   3G   3J   3C   3A   3D   3E   3I

266   3C   3J   3E   3D   3A   3F   3L   3K

267   3C   3E   3I   3D   3A   3F   3L   3K

268   3C   3J   3E   3D   3A   3F   3L   3I

269   3C   3J   3E   3D   3A   3F   3I   3K

270   3H   3E   3F   3C   3A   3D   3L   3K

271   3H   3J   3F   3C   3A   3D   3L   3E

272   3H   3J   3E   3C   3A   3F   3D   3K

273   3H   3E   3F   3C   3A   3D   3L   3I

274   3H   3E   3F   3C   3A   3D   3I   3K

275   3H   3J   3E   3C   3A   3F   3D   3I

276   3C   3G   3E   3D   3A   3F   3L   3K
                                                   Annexes




277   3C   3G   3J   3D   3A   3F   3L   3E

278   3C   3G   3J   3D   3A   3F   3E   3K

279   3C   3G   3E   3D   3A   3F   3L   3I
90




     280   3C   3G   3E   3D   3A   3F   3I   3K

     281   3C   3G   3J   3D   3A   3F   3E   3I

     282   3H   3G   3F   3C   3A   3D   3L   3E

     283   3H   3G   3E   3C   3A   3F   3D   3K

     284   3H   3G   3J   3C   3A   3F   3D   3E

     285   3H   3G   3E   3C   3A   3F   3D   3I

     286   3H   3J   3B   3A   3I   3G   3L   3K

     287   3H   3J   3B   3A   3I   3F   3L   3K

     288   3I   3J   3B   3F   3A   3G   3L   3K

     289   3H   3J   3B   3F   3A   3G   3L   3K

     290   3H   3G   3B   3A   3I   3F   3L   3K

     291   3H   3J   3B   3F   3A   3G   3L   3I

     292   3H   3J   3B   3F   3A   3G   3I   3K

     293   3E   3J   3B   3A   3I   3H   3L   3K

     294   3E   3J   3B   3A   3I   3G   3L   3K

     295   3E   3J   3B   3A   3H   3G   3L   3K

     296   3E   3G   3B   3A   3I   3H   3L   3K

     297   3E   3J   3B   3A   3H   3G   3L   3I

     298   3E   3J   3B   3A   3H   3G   3I   3K

     299   3E   3J   3B   3A   3I   3F   3L   3K

     300   3E   3J   3B   3F   3A   3H   3L   3K

     301   3E   3I   3B   3F   3A   3H   3L   3K

     302   3E   3J   3B   3F   3A   3H   3L   3I

     303   3E   3J   3B   3F   3A   3H   3I   3K

     304   3E   3J   3B   3F   3A   3G   3L   3K

     305   3E   3G   3B   3A   3I   3F   3L   3K

     306   3E   3J   3B   3F   3A   3G   3L   3I

     307   3E   3J   3B   3F   3A   3G   3I   3K

     308   3E   3G   3B   3F   3A   3H   3L   3K
                                              91




309   3H   3J   3B   3F   3A   3G   3L   3E

310   3H   3J   3B   3F   3A   3G   3E   3K

311   3E   3G   3B   3F   3A   3H   3L   3I

312   3E   3G   3B   3F   3A   3H   3I   3K

313   3H   3J   3B   3F   3A   3G   3E   3I

314   3I   3J   3B   3D   3A   3H   3L   3K

315   3I   3J   3B   3D   3A   3G   3L   3K

316   3H   3J   3B   3D   3A   3G   3L   3K

317   3I   3G   3B   3D   3A   3H   3L   3K

318   3H   3J   3B   3D   3A   3G   3L   3I

319   3H   3J   3B   3D   3A   3G   3I   3K

320   3I   3J   3B   3D   3A   3F   3L   3K

321   3H   3J   3B   3D   3A   3F   3L   3K

322   3H   3I   3B   3D   3A   3F   3L   3K

323   3H   3J   3B   3D   3A   3F   3L   3I

324   3H   3J   3B   3D   3A   3F   3I   3K

325   3F   3J   3B   3D   3A   3G   3L   3K

326   3I   3G   3B   3D   3A   3F   3L   3K

327   3F   3J   3B   3D   3A   3G   3L   3I

328   3F   3J   3B   3D   3A   3G   3I   3K

329   3H   3G   3B   3D   3A   3F   3L   3K

330   3H   3G   3B   3D   3A   3F   3L   3J

331   3H   3G   3B   3D   3A   3F   3J   3K

332   3H   3G   3B   3D   3A   3F   3L   3I

333   3H   3G   3B   3D   3A   3F   3I   3K

334   3H   3G   3B   3D   3A   3F   3I   3J
                                                   Annexes




335   3E   3J   3B   3A   3I   3D   3L   3K

336   3E   3J   3B   3D   3A   3H   3L   3K

337   3E   3I   3B   3D   3A   3H   3L   3K
92




     338   3E   3J   3B   3D   3A   3H   3L   3I

     339   3E   3J   3B   3D   3A   3H   3I   3K

     340   3E   3J   3B   3D   3A   3G   3L   3K

     341   3E   3G   3B   3A   3I   3D   3L   3K

     342   3E   3J   3B   3D   3A   3G   3L   3I

     343   3E   3J   3B   3D   3A   3G   3I   3K

     344   3E   3G   3B   3D   3A   3H   3L   3K

     345   3H   3J   3B   3D   3A   3G   3L   3E

     346   3H   3J   3B   3D   3A   3G   3E   3K

     347   3E   3G   3B   3D   3A   3H   3L   3I

     348   3E   3G   3B   3D   3A   3H   3I   3K

     349   3H   3J   3B   3D   3A   3G   3E   3I

     350   3E   3J   3B   3D   3A   3F   3L   3K

     351   3E   3I   3B   3D   3A   3F   3L   3K

     352   3E   3J   3B   3D   3A   3F   3L   3I

     353   3E   3J   3B   3D   3A   3F   3I   3K

     354   3H   3E   3B   3D   3A   3F   3L   3K

     355   3H   3J   3B   3D   3A   3F   3L   3E

     356   3H   3J   3B   3D   3A   3F   3E   3K

     357   3H   3E   3B   3D   3A   3F   3L   3I

     358   3H   3E   3B   3D   3A   3F   3I   3K

     359   3H   3J   3B   3D   3A   3F   3E   3I

     360   3E   3G   3B   3D   3A   3F   3L   3K

     361   3E   3G   3B   3D   3A   3F   3L   3J

     362   3E   3G   3B   3D   3A   3F   3J   3K

     363   3E   3G   3B   3D   3A   3F   3L   3I

     364   3E   3G   3B   3D   3A   3F   3I   3K

     365   3E   3G   3B   3D   3A   3F   3I   3J

     366   3H   3G   3B   3D   3A   3F   3L   3E
                                              93




367   3H   3G   3B   3D   3A   3F   3E   3K

368   3H   3G   3B   3D   3A   3F   3E   3J

369   3H   3G   3B   3D   3A   3F   3E   3I

370   3I   3J   3B   3C   3A   3H   3L   3K

371   3I   3J   3B   3C   3A   3G   3L   3K

372   3H   3J   3B   3C   3A   3G   3L   3K

373   3I   3G   3B   3C   3A   3H   3L   3K

374   3H   3J   3B   3C   3A   3G   3L   3I

375   3H   3J   3B   3C   3A   3G   3I   3K

376   3I   3J   3B   3C   3A   3F   3L   3K

377   3H   3J   3B   3C   3A   3F   3L   3K

378   3H   3I   3B   3C   3A   3F   3L   3K

379   3H   3J   3B   3C   3A   3F   3L   3I

380   3H   3J   3B   3C   3A   3F   3I   3K

381   3C   3J   3B   3F   3A   3G   3L   3K

382   3I   3G   3B   3C   3A   3F   3L   3K

383   3C   3J   3B   3F   3A   3G   3L   3I

384   3C   3J   3B   3F   3A   3G   3I   3K

385   3H   3G   3B   3C   3A   3F   3L   3K

386   3H   3G   3B   3C   3A   3F   3L   3J

387   3H   3G   3B   3C   3A   3F   3J   3K

388   3H   3G   3B   3C   3A   3F   3L   3I

389   3H   3G   3B   3C   3A   3F   3I   3K

390   3H   3G   3B   3C   3A   3F   3I   3J

391   3E   3J   3B   3A   3I   3C   3L   3K

392   3E   3J   3B   3C   3A   3H   3L   3K
                                                   Annexes




393   3E   3I   3B   3C   3A   3H   3L   3K

394   3E   3J   3B   3C   3A   3H   3L   3I

395   3E   3J   3B   3C   3A   3H   3I   3K
94




     396   3E   3J   3B   3C   3A   3G   3L   3K

     397   3E   3G   3B   3A   3I   3C   3L   3K

     398   3E   3J   3B   3C   3A   3G   3L   3I

     399   3E   3J   3B   3C   3A   3G   3I   3K

     400   3E   3G   3B   3C   3A   3H   3L   3K

     401   3H   3J   3B   3C   3A   3G   3L   3E

     402   3H   3J   3B   3C   3A   3G   3E   3K

     403   3E   3G   3B   3C   3A   3H   3L   3I

     404   3E   3G   3B   3C   3A   3H   3I   3K

     405   3H   3J   3B   3C   3A   3G   3E   3I

     406   3E   3J   3B   3C   3A   3F   3L   3K

     407   3E   3I   3B   3C   3A   3F   3L   3K

     408   3E   3J   3B   3C   3A   3F   3L   3I

     409   3E   3J   3B   3C   3A   3F   3I   3K

     410   3H   3E   3B   3C   3A   3F   3L   3K

     411   3H   3J   3B   3C   3A   3F   3L   3E

     412   3H   3J   3B   3C   3A   3F   3E   3K

     413   3H   3E   3B   3C   3A   3F   3L   3I

     414   3H   3E   3B   3C   3A   3F   3I   3K

     415   3H   3J   3B   3C   3A   3F   3E   3I

     416   3E   3G   3B   3C   3A   3F   3L   3K

     417   3E   3G   3B   3C   3A   3F   3L   3J

     418   3E   3G   3B   3C   3A   3F   3J   3K

     419   3E   3G   3B   3C   3A   3F   3L   3I

     420   3E   3G   3B   3C   3A   3F   3I   3K

     421   3E   3G   3B   3C   3A   3F   3I   3J

     422   3H   3G   3B   3C   3A   3F   3L   3E

     423   3H   3G   3B   3C   3A   3F   3E   3K

     424   3H   3G   3B   3C   3A   3F   3E   3J
                                              95




425   3H   3G   3B   3C   3A   3F   3E   3I

426   3I   3J   3B   3C   3A   3D   3L   3K

427   3H   3J   3B   3C   3A   3D   3L   3K

428   3H   3I   3B   3C   3A   3D   3L   3K

429   3H   3J   3B   3C   3A   3D   3L   3I

430   3H   3J   3B   3C   3A   3D   3I   3K

431   3C   3J   3B   3D   3A   3G   3L   3K

432   3I   3G   3B   3C   3A   3D   3L   3K

433   3C   3J   3B   3D   3A   3G   3L   3I

434   3C   3J   3B   3D   3A   3G   3I   3K

435   3H   3G   3B   3C   3A   3D   3L   3K

436   3H   3G   3B   3C   3A   3D   3L   3J

437   3H   3G   3B   3C   3A   3D   3J   3K

438   3H   3G   3B   3C   3A   3D   3L   3I

439   3H   3G   3B   3C   3A   3D   3I   3K

440   3H   3G   3B   3C   3A   3D   3I   3J

441   3C   3J   3B   3D   3A   3F   3L   3K

442   3C   3I   3B   3D   3A   3F   3L   3K

443   3C   3J   3B   3D   3A   3F   3L   3I

444   3C   3J   3B   3D   3A   3F   3I   3K

445   3H   3F   3B   3C   3A   3D   3L   3K

446   3C   3J   3B   3D   3A   3F   3L   3H

447   3H   3J   3B   3C   3A   3F   3D   3K

448   3H   3F   3B   3C   3A   3D   3L   3I

449   3H   3F   3B   3C   3A   3D   3I   3K

450   3H   3J   3B   3C   3A   3F   3D   3I
                                                   Annexes




451   3C   3G   3B   3D   3A   3F   3L   3K

452   3C   3G   3B   3D   3A   3F   3L   3J

453   3C   3G   3B   3D   3A   3F   3J   3K
96




     454   3C   3G   3B   3D   3A   3F   3L   3I

     455   3C   3G   3B   3D   3A   3F   3I   3K

     456   3C   3G   3B   3D   3A   3F   3I   3J

     457   3C   3G   3B   3D   3A   3F   3L   3H

     458   3H   3G   3B   3C   3A   3F   3D   3K

     459   3H   3G   3B   3C   3A   3F   3D   3J

     460   3H   3G   3B   3C   3A   3F   3D   3I

     461   3E   3J   3B   3C   3A   3D   3L   3K

     462   3E   3I   3B   3C   3A   3D   3L   3K

     463   3E   3J   3B   3C   3A   3D   3L   3I

     464   3E   3J   3B   3C   3A   3D   3I   3K

     465   3H   3E   3B   3C   3A   3D   3L   3K

     466   3H   3J   3B   3C   3A   3D   3L   3E

     467   3H   3J   3B   3C   3A   3D   3E   3K

     468   3H   3E   3B   3C   3A   3D   3L   3I

     469   3H   3E   3B   3C   3A   3D   3I   3K

     470   3H   3J   3B   3C   3A   3D   3E   3I

     471   3E   3G   3B   3C   3A   3D   3L   3K

     472   3E   3G   3B   3C   3A   3D   3L   3J

     473   3E   3G   3B   3C   3A   3D   3J   3K

     474   3E   3G   3B   3C   3A   3D   3L   3I

     475   3E   3G   3B   3C   3A   3D   3I   3K

     476   3E   3G   3B   3C   3A   3D   3I   3J

     477   3H   3G   3B   3C   3A   3D   3L   3E

     478   3H   3G   3B   3C   3A   3D   3E   3K

     479   3H   3G   3B   3C   3A   3D   3E   3J

     480   3H   3G   3B   3C   3A   3D   3E   3I

     481   3C   3E   3B   3D   3A   3F   3L   3K

     482   3C   3J   3B   3D   3A   3F   3L   3E
                                              97




483   3C   3J   3B   3D   3A   3F   3E   3K

484   3C   3E   3B   3D   3A   3F   3L   3I

485   3C   3E   3B   3D   3A   3F   3I   3K

486   3C   3J   3B   3D   3A   3F   3E   3I

487   3H   3F   3B   3C   3A   3D   3L   3E

488   3H   3E   3B   3C   3A   3F   3D   3K

489   3H   3J   3B   3C   3A   3F   3D   3E

490   3H   3E   3B   3C   3A   3F   3D   3I

491   3C   3G   3B   3D   3A   3F   3L   3E

492   3C   3G   3B   3D   3A   3F   3E   3K

493   3C   3G   3B   3D   3A   3F   3E   3J

494   3C   3G   3B   3D   3A   3F   3E   3I

495   3H   3G   3B   3C   3A   3F   3D   3E




                                                   Annexes
